Trace Numbers, Ages 3 - 5 (Big Skills for Little Hands)  ~by Brighter Child (Compiler),~Math~Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) In Trace Numbers, your child will practice holding a pencil or crayon correctly and tracing over each number 0 to 25. Your child will develop the fine motor control needed for kindergarten while also learning numbers!
7 Ate 9 ~by Tara Lazar (Author),~Math~Ross MacDonald (Illustrator) 6 has a problem. Everyone knows that 7 is always after him. Word on the street is that 7 ate 9. If that's true, 6's days are numbered. Lucky for him, Private I is on the case. But the facts just don't add up. It's odd. Will Private I put two and two together and solve the problem . . . or is 6 next in line to be subtracted?
Numbers: Ages 3-5 (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~This range of Maths and English activity books really helps to boost your child s progress at every stage of their learning. The series aims to build up important skills through activity-packed fun. Each activity is designed to give your child a real sense of achievement. Help boost confidence and develop good learning habits for life. Motivate children to learn at home using colourful activities that make learning fun. Include helpful tips and answers so that you easily support your child s learning at home.
Feast for 10 ~by Cathryn Falwell (Author) ~Math~A counting book that features an African-American family shopping for food, preparing dinner, and sitting down to eat. Lively read-aloud text paired with bright collage illustrations.
Chicka Chicka 1, 2, 3~by Bill Martin Jr. (Author),~Math~Michael Sampson (Author), Lois Ehlert (Illustrator) 1 told 2 and 2 told 3, "I'll race you to the top of the apple tree." One hundred and one numbers climb the apple tree in this bright, rollicking, joyous book for young children. As the numerals pile up and bumblebees threaten, what's the number that saves the day? (Hint: It rhymes with "hero.") Read and count and play and laugh to learn the surprising answer.
Maths Ages: Ages 4-5 (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~This range of Maths and English activity books really helps to boost your child s progress at every stage of their learning. The series aims to build up important skills through activity-packed fun. Each activity is designed to give your child a real sense of achievement. Help boost confidence and develop good learning habits for life. Motivate children to learn at home using colourful activities that make learning fun. Include helpful tips and answers so that you easily support your child s learning at home.
Sequencing & Memory Workbook ~by Brighter Child (Compiler),~Math~Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) Brighter Child Sequencing & Memory helps young children master thinking skills and concepts. Practice is included for numbers, patterns, classification, critical thinking, and more. School success starts here! Workbooks in the popular Brighter Child series are packed with plenty of fun activities that teach a variety of essential school skills. Students will find help for math, English and grammar, handwriting, and other important subject areas. Each book contains full-color practice pages, easy-to-follow instructions, and an answer key.
Math Work Stations: Independent Learning You Can Count On, K-2 ~by Debbie Diller (Author) ~Math~If you've ever questioned how to make math stations work, you'll find this photo-filled, idea-packed resource invaluable. This book extends Debbie Diller's best-selling work on literacy work stations and classroom design to the field of mathematics. In Math Work Stations you'll find ideas to help children develop conceptual understanding and skills, use math vocabulary as they talk about their mathematical thinking, and connect big ideas to meaningful independent exploration and practice. This book details how to set up, manage, and keep math stations going throughout the year. There's even a chapter devoted solely to organizing and using math manipulatives. Each chapter includes: key concepts based on NCTM and state math standards; math vocabulary resources and literature links; suggested materials to include at each station for the corresponding math content strand; ideas for modeling, troubleshooting, differentiating, and assessment; and reflection questions for professional development. Throughout the book, Debbie has included hundreds of color photos showing math work stations in action from a variety of classrooms in which she has worked. Charts, reproducible forms, and math work stations icons are included to provide everything you'll need to get started with stations in your classroom right away.
Common Core Connections Math, Grade K ~by Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) ~Math~Common Core Connections: Math is the perfect tool for helping kindergarten students master Common Core math skills. The Common Core Standards for Math in kindergarten focuses on two critical areas: representing and relating numbers, and describing shapes and space. This resource provides focused practice pages for targeting and reinforcing these skills while helping students connect comprehension with knowledge and application. Connecting the standards to content has never been easier with the Common Core Connections series for Math. The Common Core Connections series provides teachers with the diagnostic tests to help determine individualized instruction needs. Focused, comprehensive practice pages and self-assessments guide students to reflection and exploration for deeper learning! Grade specific coherent content progresses in difficulty to achieve optimum fluency. It is also an ideal resource for differentiation and remediation. Each 96-page book includes an assessment test, test analysis, Common Core State Standards Alignment Matrix, and answer key.
Young Children's Mathematics: Cognitively Guided Instruction in Early Childhood Education ~by Thomas P Carpenter (Author),~Math~Megan Loef Franke (Author), Nicholas C. Johnson (Author), Angela C. Turrou (Author), Anita A Wager (Author) "Young children are naturally curious and observant, and enter school ready to connect their rich informal understandings about the world around them to their experiences in classrooms." -Thomas Carpenter, Megan Franke, Nicholas Johnson, Angela Chan Turrou, and Anita Wager Cognitively Guided Instruction (CGI) has helped hundreds of thousands of teachers better understand how their students think mathematically. Young Children's Mathematics, the newest addition to the CGI family of books, explores the development of mathematical understanding in the youngest learners. Young children's everyday lives are full of mathematically-related conversation and play-and they enter school ready to make connections with these informal experiences. This book helps teachers recognize opportunities for making these connections by examining:
Shapes, Grades PK - K: Gold Star Edition (Home Workbooks) ~by Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) ~Math~Build essential skills while having fun with Home Workbooks! Now updated with fun, colorful pages and engaging art, each book measures 7" x 9.25" and is filled with 64 pages of age-appropriate activities, puzzles, and games. These teacher-approved books are perfect for home, school, summer breaks, and road trips! Skills covered include shape recognition, visual discrimination, counting, fine motor, and more! An incentive chart and 140 full-color stickers are also included to help parents or teachers track student progress. Home Workbooks are available for prekindergarten through grade 3 students, and feature titles in a wide variety of skill areas to suit any need.
What's the Place Value? (Little World Math Concepts) ~by Shirley Duke (Author) ~Math~This Book Introduces Students To The Ones And Tens Place Value Using Popsicles As A Fun Learning Tool.
Shapes, Colours and Patterns: Ages 3-5 (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~This range of Maths and English activity books really helps to boost your child s progress at every stage of their learning. The series aims to build up important skills through activity-packed fun. Each activity is designed to give your child a real sense of achievement. Help boost confidence and develop good learning habits for life. Motivate children to learn at home using colourful activities that make learning fun. Include helpful tips and answers so that you easily support your child s learning at home.
Numbers Workbook: Ages 3-5 (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~This range of Maths and English activity books really helps to boost your child s progress at every stage of their learning. The series aims to build up important skills through activity-packed fun. Each activity is designed to give your child a real sense of achievement. Help boost confidence and develop good learning habits for life. Motivate children to learn at home using colourful activities that make learning fun. Include helpful tips and answers so that you easily support your child s learning at home.
Write-and-Learn Number Practice Pages: Help Kids Recognize, Write, and Really Learn the Numbers 1-30 ~by Scholastic Inc. (Author) ~Math~Teachers will love these instant practice pages that teach children how to write and recognize the numbers 1-30! Independent reproducibles include cut-and-paste counters, tracing and writing activities, and more. A great way to help young children lay the foundation for math success! For use with Grades PreK-1.
Teaching Number Sense, Kindergarten ~by Chris Confer (Author) ~Math~Number sense encompasses a wide range of skills, including being able to make estimates and to think and reason flexibly. In these lessons, children investigate number relationships, practice problem solving using landmark numbers, and explore ways to count, compose, and decompose numbers.
It Makes Sense! Using the Hundreds Chart to Build Number Sense, Grades K-2 First Edition ~by Melissa Conklin (Author),~Math~Stephanie Sheffield (Author) From Building a Wacky Hundreds Chart to Number Chart Bingo!, the twenty classroom-tested lessons and games in this resource transform the hundreds chart from a poster on the classroom wall into a hands-on, interactive tool used by both teachers and students. The hundreds chart is one of the most important tools teachers can manipulate to help students think about our base ten number system and to build a mental model of the mathematical structure of it. Working with the hundreds chart helps learners develop the skills they need to become flexible and fluent problem solvers, and meet the requirements of many state standards, including the Common Core State Standards.
Well Played, K-2: Building Mathematical Thinking Through Number Games and Puzzles, Grades K-2 ~by Linda Dacey (Author),~Math~Karen Gartland (Author), Jayne Bamford Lynch (Author) Students love math games and puzzles, but how much are they really learning from the experience? Too often, math games are thought of as just a fun activity or enrichment opportunity. Well Played shows you how to make games and puzzles an integral learning component that provides teachers with unique access to student thinking. The twenty-five games and puzzles in Well Played, which have all been field-tested in diverse classrooms, contain: explanations of the mathematical importance of each game or puzzle and how it supports student learning; variations for each game or puzzle to address a range of learning levels and styles; clear step-by-step directions; and
Circle Time Activities, Grade Preschool (Early Years) ~by Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) ~Math~Turn circle time into learning time with Circle Time Activities. These activities foster social and emotional development and develop basic math, problem solving, language, music, movement, and literacy skills. A Concept and Activity Matrix are included to help educators identify, focus, assess, and enhance specific skills of each student. Its 160 pages include hundreds of child-tested and developmentally appropriate group activities.
First Grade Workbook ~by Derek Schuger (Author) ~Math~Summer is great for fun and relaxing. The only thing that may not be so great is that by the time of the summer ends, children will have forgotten most of what they learned. They will become a little slow, a little dull and a little lazy. Just like sports or music , two months without practicing will slow their progress. This book is developed to fill the vacuum of the learning over summer vacation. Children will only need to use this book an hour every few days to review what they have learned and prepare for the next year. This book has 26 chapters. Each chapter includes one page of spelling, one page of math and one page of writing. Doing one chapter every couple days will balance summer vacation and learning. Teachers have permissions to copy and distribute pages from this book for classroom use.
Skills for Starting School Shapes and Sizes ~by DK (Author) ~Math~A fun, hands-on sticker and activity book to help children explore shapes and sizes, developed in collaboration with educational experts. Help your preschooler get ready for school with Shapes and Sizes. Featuring more than 80 colorful stickers, this book is filled with hands-on activities to spark curiosity and boost confidence in learning key early mathematical concepts. Children will practice recognizing shapes and describing their properties, comparing sizes, and exploring patterns. Shapes and Sizes introduces first geometric shapes such as circles, triangles, rectangles, and squares, and teaches simple vocabulary to describe sizes, including comparatives and superlatives. Playful images even encourage them to identify shapes and sizes in the world around them. Children will love learning about and exploring everyday objects through play with the funny and friendly cat, monkey, and elephant characters in Shapes and Sizes, part of DK's Skills for Starting School series. Series Overview: DK's Skills for Starting School series boosts children's confidence, curiosity, and independence with bright and colorful photography, fun flaps to pull and lift, learning games, and engaging characters that keep learning friendly and fun. Help children develop the skills needed for starting school with DK's new school readiness program featuring interactive board books and games to bring the brightest and best start to learning for every child.
Skill Sharpeners Math, Pre-K ~by Evan-Moor Educational Publishers (Author) ~Math~Skill Sharpeners Math, PreK contains 10 units that introduce the numbers 1-10. In each unit, one or more numbers is introduced followed by activity pages that practice beginning math skills. Each unit ends with an assessment page that reviews the math concepts introduced. Beginning math skills practiced include: counting recognizing numbers patterning identifying geometric shapes comparing sizes recognizing most and least Children also develop their fine motor skills by completing the fun activities. Examples of the types of activities are: Trace and Write Numbers Cut and Paste Dot-to-Dot Count How Many Color the Shapes Circle the Ones That Are the Same Match.
Lots and Lots of Zebra Stripes ~by Stephen R. Swinburne (Author, Photographer) ~Math~With a simple text and vivid full-color photographs, Stephen R. Swinburne shows children a wide range of nature's exquisite designs. He invites children to open their eyes and look for patterns in water and on land, in the air and on the ground, and in their own neighborhoods. They will see the world as they've never seen it before.
Now I Know My Numbers Learning Mats: 50+ Double-Sided Activity Sheets That Help Children Recognize, Write, and Count Numbers 1 to 30  ~by Lucia Kemp Henry (Author) ~Math~Instant, systematic, and engaging! These ready-to-use activity mats give young children the focused practice they need to really learn their numbers. Each double-sided mat targets a number from 1 to 30, an increment of 10 up to 100, or a key number concept. Skills include number recognition, number formation, counting, number words, comparing quantities to numbers, comparing sets, sequencing, as well as following directions. Great for independent work, centers, and homework. For use with Grades PreK-1.
Preschool Math Stick Kids Workbook (Stick Kids Workbooks) ~by Majella Maas (Author) ~Math~Every day your child is acquiring the skills needed for entry into the world beyond family and home. This book provides practice in number and shape recognition, number writing, number value, number conservation, classifi cation, sets, and patterns. The activities in this book may seem simplistic, but their mastery is essential. Repetition is key, but remember to have fun! Research has shown that the brain is more receptive to learning and acquiring skills when not under stress. Upon your childs completion of each activity, use the provided incentive chart and stickers to track progress and celebrate your childs success. Whether students need extra practice with grade-level skills or a head start on next year, Stick Kids Workbooks offer engaging activities, games, and puzzles that help make learning lots of fun. Each 56-page book features full-color activities, a list of the skills, and an explanation of why those skills are important for development. Also included are helpful tips, an answer key, a handy tracking sheet, stickers for acknowledging achievements, and appearances by the lovable Stick Kids! These right-sized (7 x 9) skill practice workbooks are perfect for use at school, or as entertaining activities on the go. Tuck them into a backpack, purse, or travel bag. Great for school breaks, vacations, and year-long practice. SKILLS Number recognition
Addition for Kindergartners and Preschoolers ~by C. Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~Fun Way to Learn How to Add - 34 Math Problems - Fun, cute and simple math game for preschool and kindergarten. Children can count the leaves, pumpkins, and trees, to determine the correct answers Easy way to learn the concept of adding and subtraction. Book updated in October - 2017 and now includes subtraction. Learning the power of numbers is an exciting time for young children. Our goal is to make it fun and memorable. Colorful, autumn theme helps to keep children focused. Book designed to encourage success in math. Math for Preschool and Math for Kindergarten. An Early Childhood Education learning experience. Scroll up and grab a copy. Circullum Benefits Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Building math skills Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Learning the power of numbers using pictures Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Concept of addition and subtraction introduced Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Building counting and cognitive skills
Teaching Preschool and Kindergarten Math: More Than 175 Ideas, Lessons, and Videos for Building Foundations in Math, A Multimedia Professional Learning Resource ~by Ann Carlyle (Author),~Math~Brenda Mercado (Author) Through an exciting multimedia format, Teaching Preschool and Kindergarten Math takes you into an early childhood classroom for a seeing is believing look at how to create a focused, successful mathematics program while simultaneously deepening your knowledge of the mathematical ideas that need to be developed at an early age. You ll find: 26 video segments filmed in an actual classroom; more than 150 lessons and investigations; dozens of ideas for encouraging and supporting math talk with young children; numerous formative assessment recommendations including videos of
Hot or Cold? (Little World Math) ~by Barbara L Webb (Author) ~Math~Talks About The Difference Between Hot And Cold And Introduces Students To Instruments That Measure Temperature, Such As A Thermometer. It Also Introduces The Terms Fahrenheit And Celsius And What The Boiling Point And Freezing Point Are.
Introduction to Problem Solving, Grades PreK-2 (The Math Process Standards Series, Grades Prek-2) ~by Susan O'Connell (Author) ~Math~NCTM's Process Standards support teaching that helps children develop independent, effective mathematical thinking. The books in the Heinemann Math Process Standards Series give every primary teacher the opportunity to explore each standard in depth. With language and examples that don't require prior math training to understand, the series offers friendly, reassuring advice and ready-to-use examples to any teacher ready to embrace the Process Standards. In "Introduction to Problem Solving," Susan O'Connell highlights practical techniques for making problem solving doable for your students. O'Connell eases you into problem solving, giving you an array of entry points for understanding, planning, and teaching, including strategies that help students develop the mathematical thinking necessary to discover effective approaches for solving a wide range of math problems. The book and accompanying CD-ROM are filled with activities that are modifiable for immediate use with students of all levels customizable to match your specific lessons. In addition, a correlation guide helps you match the math content you teach with the mathematical processes it utilizes. If problem solving is a problem you'd like to solve, or if you're simply looking for new ways to work the problem-solving standards into your curriculum, read, dog-ear, and teach with "Introduction to Problem Solving." And if you'd like to learn about any of NCTM's process standards, or if you're looking for new, classroom-tested ways to address them in your math teaching, look no further than Heinemann's Math Process Standards Series. You'll find them explained in the most understandable and practical way: from one teacher to another.
Telling Time, Grades K - 2: Activities and Games for Teaching Time on the Hour, Half-Hour, and Five-Minute Increments (Specific Skills) ~by Debra Pressnall (Author),~Math~Janet Armbrust (Illustrator) Make math matter to students in kindergarten-grade 2 using Telling Time! This 64-page book helps students identify time at hour and half-hour intervals, understand specific time vocabulary, comprehend digital-analog time relationships, determine five-minute and quarter-hour segments on analog clocks, and figure out elapsed time. This book includes reproducible pages, teaching suggestions, a pretest and posttest, fun activities, games, and a reproducible parent letter. It is great for whole-group lessons, independent work, learning centers, and at-home enrichment. The book supports NCTM standards. Key Education products are intended to engage and educate young and special learners, as well as assist teachers in building a strong and developmentally appropriate curriculum for these children. The product line comprised of teacher/parent resource books, photographic learning cards, and other activity- and game-oriented materials is designed to assist in Unlocking the Potential in Every Child.
Games for Early Number Sense: A Yearlong Resource (Contexts for Learning Mathematics) ~by Antonia Cameron (Author),~Math~Catherine Twomey Fosnot (Author) Games for Early Number Sense is one of three yearlong resource guides in Contexts for Learning Mathematics' Investigating Number Sense, Addition, and Subtraction (K - 3) Games for Early Number Sense contains 24 games that you can choose from as you consider the needs of your students. The unit includes notes for each game describing the mathematical landscape - the possibilities and openings for learning that can occur as children play. Sample dialogues are interspersed throughout to help you anticipate what learners might say and do and to provide you with images of teachers and children at work. The games foster the development of early number sense and addition, including the basic facts, and are appropriate for K - 1.
Adding It Up: Get Set for Kindergarten #6 (Wells, Rosemary. Get Set for Kindergarten.) ~by Rosemary Wells (Author, Illustrator) ~Math~Mrs. Jenkin's class learns to count to twenty, learns about shapes and patterns, and learns simple addition and subtraction.
Money: Practice Pages and Easy-to-Play Games for Introducing and Counting Coins (Specific Skills, Grades K-2) ~by Debra Olson Pressnall (Author),~Math~Janet Armbrust (Author) Make math matter to students in kindergarten-grade 2 using Money! This 64-page book helps students recognize, sort, and count coins. Students learn vocabulary, as well as how to order and exchange coins by value, use coins to shop, and solve story problems. This book includes reproducible pages, teaching suggestions, a pretest and posttest, fun activities, games, and a reproducible parent letter. It is great for whole-group lessons, independent work, learning centers, and at-home enrichment. The book supports NCTM standards. Key Education products are intended to engage and educate young and special learners, as well as assist teachers in building a strong and developmentally appropriate curriculum for these children. The product line comprised of teacher/parent resource books, photographic learning cards, and other activity- and game-oriented materials is designed to assist in Unlocking the Potential in Every Child.
Summer Fit Preschool to Kindergarten: Math, Reading, Writing, Language Arts + Fitness, Nutrition and Values ~by Inc Active Planet Kids (Author),~Math~Sarria James (Author) Summer Fit Activity Books move summer learning beyond academics to also prepare children physically and socially for the grade ahead. Academic exercises are based on Common Core standards and include skills in math, reading, writing, language arts and science. Fitness exercises are designed to jump start the recommended 60 minutes of active play a day that children need to grow up healthy. Role models from throughout the world including Abraham Lincoln, Gandhi and Harriet Tubman help reinforce core values such as honesty, respect and trustworthiness. Summer Fit extends the summer learning experience online with free reading and math digital downloads, book reports, health and wellness activities and fitness videos. Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Based on Common Core: math, reading, writing, language arts and science Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Exercises jump start the recommended 60 minutes of daily movement and play Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Role models reinforce core values, good character and social skills Bed_Time_Stories.txt CS410-dataset-math.txt CS410-dataset-science.txt Christmas Christmas.zip Final_Math_Science_dataset.txt Holidays Holidays.zip Math-dataset.txt Math_Science.txt Science-dataset.txt m p parse.sh s Integrated academics and physical activities reinforce the importance of the body-brain connection
Math Play! (Williamson Little Hands Series) ~by Diane McGowan (Author),~Math~Mark Schrooten (Author), Loretta Trezzo Braren (Illustrator) Offers activities designed to introduce mathematics to youngsters
Counting: Ages 3-5 (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~This range of Maths and English activity books really helps to boost your child s progress at every stage of their learning. The series aims to build up important skills through activity-packed fun. Each activity is designed to give your child a real sense of achievement. Help boost confidence and develop good learning habits for life. Motivate children to learn at home using colourful activities that make learning fun. Include helpful tips and answers so that you easily support your child s learning at home.
That Meet the NCTM Standards ~by Deborah Schecter (Author) ~Math~Invite Mother Goose into the classroom to help make early math skills and concepts come alive for young learners! These easy and engaging hands-on activities let kids practice counting with Old Mother Hubbard, telling time with Wee Willie Winkie, measuring with Mistress Mary, exploring shapes with the Queen of Hearts, and much more! Includes reproducible manipulatives that foster learning. Linked to the NCTM Standards. For use with Grades K-2.
Math Game for Preschool How Many Friends Does Frogee Have ~by C Ingrah ECE (Author) ~Math~Early Childhood Education - Math Game Video Book for Ages 3 to 5. Includes digital and video formats. The Video Book will strengthen your child's counting skills and cognitive skill, as well as introduce the child to the math concepts of adding and subtracting using Frogee and his Friends. .The digital format includes frog count to twenty and is more challenging. Each of Frogee's Friends are green, with very different personalities, sizes, shapes, and patterns. Children will need to focus long enough to tell the difference and count correctly.
Seedlings: Snakes ~by Kate Riggs (Author) ~Math~Seedlings offers irresistible introductions to exotic animals and familiar construction vehicles, using a friendly voice and educational text crafted for the youngest of readers. Dynamic photos depict the bodies, behaviors, and habitats of animals and the parts, operation, and roles of machines.
Numbers 0-10, Grades PK - K: Gold Star Edition (Home Workbooks) ~by Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) ~Math~Build essential skills while having fun with Home Workbooks! Now updated with fun, colorful pages and engaging art, each book measures 7" x 9.25" and is filled with 64 pages of age-appropriate activities, puzzles, and games. These teacher-approved books are perfect for home, school, summer breaks, and road trips! Skills covered include number and number word recognition, counting, fine motor, and more! An incentive chart and 140 full-color stickers are also included to help parents or teachers track student progress. Home Workbooks are available for prekindergarten through grade 3 students, and feature titles in a wide variety of skill areas to suit any need.
Best Of Dr. Jean: Science & Math: More Than 100 Delightful, Skill-Building Ideas for Early Learners~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Math~Dr. Jean Feldman (Author) Teachers will turn to this treasury of ideas again and again to help kids build key math and science concepts. Hands-on activities and experiments help kids discover, problem-solve, count, research, explore, observe, predict, experiment, and more. Perfect for enriching science and math centers! For use with Grades PreK-K.
Children's Book: Counting with Pumpkins (INTERACTIVE SPECIAL HALLOWEEN WORKBOOK) LEARNING NUMBERS COLORS & MATH: Beginner readers-kids book collection (Fun with Counting Shapes 6) ~by Andrew Rosenblatt (Author),~Math~Paws Pals Publishing (Editor) COUNTING WITH PUMPKINS, A HALLOWEEN SPECIAL EDITION: INTERACTIVE WORKBOOK is our newest Home Schooling, Parent Participation, Early Education Series for Children and Toddlers for Preschool kids to Kindergarten and up to fourth Grade kids. Interactive Fun with learning Colors and Counting Numbers to Ten, along with math practice, learning to write numbers one to ten, counting colors to ten and math practice with colors and pumpkins, color matching. Paws Pals Publishing Interactive workbooks, Fun with Counting Series, will increase your children's brain potential by using spatial memory and number sequences, recognizing shapes, colors, and numbers and math. What more can you ask for! Learn to write to ten with the workbook at home or while at school or any time with parent participation. Simply the best learning tools for Parent Participation and Home Schooling! Our Interactive Workbooks are for home, school, or play. OUR FUN WITH COUNTING SHAPES WORKBOOKS are wonderful tools for early educational training, helping to improve your child's thought processing and memory. Use the workbook to learn at home with parent participation and home schooling. Parents, use this book at home while teaching your babies and children to count from One to Ten. Teaching with shapes and numbers will greatly improve your children's educational future. Giving your child the right educational tools now will lead your child to a brighter future. FUN WITH COUNTING SHAPES: WORKBOOKS are great for in class school teaching and home school teaching alike. Our newest series will keep your kid's brain energized and always thinking. What better way to ensure your children's future by buying them learning books like our newest series! Fun with Counting Shapes and FUN WITH COUNTING SHAPES WORKBOOKS have plenty of learning techniques to start counting practice just as soon as you open the book. Remember, use a pencil instead of a pen or crayon to help ensure future writing in this workbook.
Adding & Subtracting With Pictures: Early Childhood Education Ages 3 5 ~by C Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~A combination of counting, adding, subtraction and word recognition for children ages 3 to five. The concept of adding and subtraction is easily explained as the child counts the objects within the pictures. Real life math game provides an easy, fun, and effective way to learn the concept of adding and subtracting. Cognitive skills improvement. Vocabulary list with pictures for word recognition. Parent participation recommended. An Early Childhood Education learning experience. Scroll up and grab your copy
Nathan's # Ninjas: Learn to Count to 100! (The Road to 1000 Stories Book Book 50) ~by Ann Knipp (Author, Illustrator) ~Math~Nathan's collects toy numbered ninjas. He likes to count them. Can you help Nathan count ALL of his ninja toys? This beginner story is a part of a larger series called "The Road to 1000 Stories." Reading 1,000 stories to children before they reach elementary school prepares them for a successful transition into school inspiring a love for books and plants a seed for responsible communication. The road to 1,000 stories is a collection of groovy new stories for the next generation of readers.
Summer Express Between PreK and Kindergarten ~by Scholastic (Author),~Math~Scholastic Teaching Resources (Author) Give your child a head start in school! Summer Express includes 100 fun-filled activity pages arranged in a progressive, 10-week format that reinforce skills while preparing preschoolers for kindergarten. Topics covered include alphabet, phonics, counting, adding, subtracting, writing, vocabulary, handwriting, and lots more! A summer s worth of great learning! For use with Grades PreK-K.
Measure It! (Little World Math) ~by Joyce Markovics (Author) ~Math~Teaches Students That You Can Measure Weight, Size, Or Even Time. Introduces Students To The Measurements Of Inches And Centimeters, All While Using An Animal Theme That Will Keep Them Engaged While Learning This Important Concept.
Subtraction for Kindergarten and Preschoolers: Easy Fun Way to Learn the Concept of Subtraction ~by C. Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~Easy Way to Learn the Concept of Subtraction - Early Childhood Education Fun and Easy Subtraction for Young Children Subtraction is not one of the easiest concepts for a young child to grasp. Most children view subtraction as a negative, rather than a positive. Sometimes kids need a little help with learning the concept of subtraction. In the children's book "Subtraction for Kindergarten and Preschoolers" children are introduced to a number of positive concepts where subtraction can be viewed as a positive end result. An easy and fun way to introduce the concept of subtraction.
Counting Workbook: Ages 3-5 (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~This range of Maths and English activity books really helps to boost your child s progress at every stage of their learning. The series aims to build up important skills through activity-packed fun. Each activity is designed to give your child a real sense of achievement. Help boost confidence and develop good learning habits for life. Motivate children to learn at home using colourful activities that make learning fun. Include helpful tips and answers so that you easily support your child s learning at home.
Mac A. Roni Visits the Supermarket (Use Your Noodle!) ~by Jessica Braithwait (Author),~Math~Dian Wang (Illustrator) Join Mac A. Roni as he visits the supermarket with his mother and "uses his noodle" to conquer everyday tasks using beginning math skills. Teachers and parents will love how Mac's adventures will have children achieve age appropriate math skills in a creative and fun way!
Get Ready for Kindergarten: Math & Science (Get Ready for School) ~by Elizabeth Van Doren (Author) ~Math~Get Ready for Kindergarten: Math and Science introduces age-appropriate science concepts through a series of fun activities and experiments. The skills covered include completing patterns, matching pairs, matching words or numbers to pictures, connecting the dots, solving puzzles, completing mazes, and more. Topics include counting and number names; sorting and groups; days of the week; seasons; identifying healthy foods; the senses; animal names; dinosaurs; and more.
Instant Practice Packets: Numbers & Counting: Ready-to-Go Activity Pages That Help Children Recognize, Write, and Learn Their Numbers From 1 to 30 (Teaching Resources) ~by Joan Novelli (Author),~Math~Holly Grundon (Author) Set the stage for success in math with these ready-to-use number practice packets! Each four-page packet one for each number from 1 to 30 includes fun, meaningful activities that offer the repeated practice kids need to really learn their numbers. Activities teach and reinforce number recognition and number words, counting, creating and comparing sets, number formation, and solving simple word problems. Writing guides, pictures, and sign language diagrams provide extra support for kids of all learning styles. Perfect for independent practice, small groups, learning centers, and homework. For use with Grades PreK-1.
Number Tales Box Set - use 0-545-06773-1 instead: Super-Engaging Storybooks that Set the Stage for Math Success ~by Scholastic Inc. (Author) ~Math~Make numbers concrete and boost must-know counting skills with this charming collection of 16 illustrated, read-aloud storybooks that teach the numbers 1 to 10, 30, 100, skip counting, simple addition, and so much more! Each tale focuses on a different number or skill, enabling children to explore it in the form of an engaging story, an interactive hide-and-seek page, AND a chant-along poem. But wait there's more-the teaching guide reinforces essential numeracy skills with whole-group activities, fun practice pages, plus reproducible mini-book versions of every storybook. Add Number Tales to your classroom library and watch early math skills soar! Content meets the NAEYC and NCTM Standards.
Addition for Preschool and Kindergarten: Early Childhood Education ~by C. Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~Easy Fun Way to Learn How to Add Numbers. Children learn the concept of addition by counting the dots in this colorful math game for ages 4 to 7. A cute penguin helps the child with each of the ten math problems. To reduce the stress involved in learning a new math game, the correct answers are in the lower right-hand corner of each page. The correct answer is only a matter of counting the dots associated with the numbers in the math problem. Building cognitive skills, concentration skills, and confidence is the end result, all while having fun. Parent participation recommended but not necessary once the child learns how to play the math game. The counting skills for each child varies. It may take some children longer to complete the game than others.
MATH WORK BOOK: Addition and Substraction ~by Megan Lovefield (Author) ~Math~This work book is comprised with addition, subtraction work sheets to help you children understand math. It s laid out in a way that it s easy to understand and navigate. It's for kid s ages 5-7 years, for 1st graders to 2nd grade and also for Home schooler's, teachers and tutors to educate and teach their kids in an easier and simpler way. Math is the one skill you need to master in your life. Education is key in saving a child s future. Learning made easy!
Addition & Subtraction: Math For Ages 5 to 7 Years ~by C. Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~This workbook will introduce and reinforce the basic concept of adding and subtraction for your child. The child can engage in the problem solving of counting the dots and/or subtracting the dots. Extremely easy, non-threatening. Fun is the goal here. Subtraction is not always an easy concept for young children. Subtraction can often times represent a negative concept. Addition is often times viewed as a positive. This easy workbook will show children that subtraction is OK. You can view the images of the book to get an idea of the basic concept.
Addition & Subtraction: Math For Ages 5 to 7 Years ~by Angela Andrews (Author),~Math~This workbook will introduce and reinforce the basic concept of adding and subtraction for your child. The child can engage in the problem solving of counting the dots and/or subtracting the dots. Extremely easy, non-threatening. Fun is the goal here. Subtraction is not always an easy concept for young children. Subtraction can often times represent a negative concept. Addition is often times viewed as a positive. This easy workbook will show children that subtraction is OK. You can view the images of the book to get an idea of the basic concept.
Seedlings: Cranes ~by Aaron Frisch (Author) ~Math~Seedlings offers irresistible introductions to exotic animals and familiar construction vehicles, using a friendly voice and educational text crafted for the youngest of readers. Dynamic photos depict the bodies, behaviors, and habitats of animals and the parts, operation, and roles of machines.
The Little Pink Pig Learning Series: Early Childhood Education ~by C Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~Three Books in One. Adding, Subtraction and Word Recognition for Preschool and Kindergarten. Math and Farm Animals. Preschool Game and Learning Tool. Book I - Addition How to Add Book II - Subtraction How to Subtract Book III - Word Recognition Surrounding Farm Animals and Farm Life Books introduce children to adding and subtraction using questions and answers. Children build cognitive skills and learn about the farm and farm animals. Colorful, exciting learning series with three books in one. Bonus includes the entire lesson in video format, which can be viewed using a secure online video channel. An Early Childhood Preschool and Kindergarten Learning Experience.
15 Division Worksheets with 3-Digit Dividends, 1-Digit Divisors: Math Practice Workbook (15 Days Math Division Series) ~by Kapoo Stem (Author) ~Math~This e-book contains several division worksheets for practice with one dividend of 3 digits and one divisor of 1 digit for long division. These maths problems are provided to improve the mathematics skills by frequent practicing of the worksheets provided. There is nothing more effective than a pencil and paper for practicing some math skills. These math worksheets are ideal for teachers, parents, students, and home schoolers. This ebook allows you to take print outs of these worksheets instantly or you can save them for later use. Teachers and home schoolers use the maths worksheets to test and measure the child's mastery of basic math skills. These math drill sheets can save you precious planning time when homeschooling as you can use these work sheets to give extra practice of essential math skills. Parents use these mathematic worksheets for their kids homework practice too. You can use the worksheets during the summer to get your children ready for the upcoming school term. Designed for after school study and self study, it is also used by homeschoolers, special needs and gifted kids to add to the learning experience in positive ways. It helps your child excel in school as well as in building good study habits. If a workbook or mathematic textbook is not allowing for much basic practice, these sheets give you the flexibility to follow the practice that your student needs for a curriculum. These worksheets are not designed to be grade specific for students, rather depend on how much practice they've had at the skill in the past and how the curriculum in your school is organized. Kids work at their own level and their own pace through these activities. The learner can practice one worksheet a day, one per week, two per week or can follow any consistent pattern. Make best use of your judgement.
Counting One to 100 Math for Kids ~by C Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~Easy, Fun, Colorful Way to Learn How to Count to 100 For Aggressive Learners Once children learn to count by ten, the rest is easy Mr. Bookworm shares counting to100 by ten and then shares how to get to 100 counting by one. It's remembering twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, and ninety that's the hard part for young children. After that, counting to 100 is easy and the child feels confident and empowered.
Core Standards for Math: Reproducible Grade K ~by STECK-VAUGHN (Author) ~Math~Lessons for every Common Core State Standards for Mathematics. Core Standards for Math includes 2-page lessons for every Common Core State Standard for Mathematics. Each lesson includes step-by-step instructions, modeling, and ample practice opportunities with open-response and multiple choice items. In addition, problem solving is integrated into every lesson to help students apply skills to real-world situations
Modern Curriculum Press Mathematics, Level K ~by Richard Monnard (Author),~Math~Royce Hargrove (Author) Emphasizing basic math skills and problem-solving strategies, this teacher-, student-, and parent-friendly K-6 math program provides students with the solid math foundation they need to succeed. Affordable and easy-to-use, with direct instruction embedded throughout these full-year texts can be used on their own or as an outstanding supplement to any math program.
Growing Mathematical Ideas in Kindergarten ~by Linda Schulman Dacey (Author),~Math~Rebeka Eston (Author) Recognizing the special set of challenges that kindergarten teachers face, this resource presents a vision of a kindergarten classroom that nurtures the growth of all students mathematical understanding.
Numbers 0-30: Dot-to-Dot, Grades PK - K: Gold Star Edition (Home Workbooks) ~by Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) ~Math~Build essential skills while having fun with Home Workbooks! Now updated with fun, colorful pages and engaging art, each book measures 7" x 9.25" and is filled with 64 pages of age-appropriate activities, puzzles, and games. These teacher-approved books are perfect for home, school, summer breaks, and road trips! Skills covered include number sequencing, number recognition, hand-eye coordination, fine motor, and more! An incentive chart and 140 full-color stickers are also included to help parents or teachers track student progress. Home Workbooks are available for prekindergarten through grade 3 students, and feature titles in a wide variety of skill areas to suit any need.
Addition Magician: (Early Reader/Learning Book for Kids Aged 3-6) ~by Jessica Erbacher (Author, Illustrator) ~Math~Read along with the Addition Magician, Old Count Merriweather, as he takes your child on a magical journey to learn all about the mathematical concept of addition. This book aims to give children aged 3 to 6 years (in preschool, kindergarten and 1st grade) a head start at school, by helping them to develop their foundational mathematical knowledge and prenumber conceptual understanding of the numbers 1 to 10, in a way that is fun and engaging. The bright and animated illustrations will capture your child's imagination whilst the positive, rhyming phrase will surely delight their senses. Just a few of the reasons why this book is sure to become a firm family favorite.
Scholastic Learning Express: Shapes and Patterns ~by Inc Scholastic (Author) ~Math~Recognizing shapes is the basic foundation of geometry skills. Being able to draw shapes helps children develop fine motor skills and also learn the basic strokes used in letter formation. Recognizing and creating patterns is a key math skill. Exploring patterns gives children lots of practice with visual discrimination and with colors and shapes. Topics covered: Identifying shapes Understanding patterns Problem solving For use with Grades K-1.
First Sums: Wipe-Clean Activity Book (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~Introduce young learners to numbers with this fun and engaging activity book. Lots of practice opportunities to help children develop adding and subtracting skills. Wipe-clean pages and pen so that children can try simple sums again and again. Colourful, motivating activities to help boost confidence. Shoe Box Learning Centers: Counting: 30 Instant Centers With Reproducible Templates and Activities That Help Kids Practice Important Math Skills
Independently! ~by Immacula Rhodes (Author) ~Math~Enrich center time with easy-to-make-and-store "kits"! These 30 skill-building games and activities help kids practice connecting numbers to the quantities they represent, skip-counting, place value, and more. Each box can be assembled with readily available materials and includes reproducible labels, easy-to-read student directions, and reproducible game boards and worksheets. Meets the NCTM Standards.
My Little Red Wagon of Numbers: Early Childhood Education ~by C Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~Tommy tells his best friend, Mike, he wants a little red wagon for his birthday. Mike tells all of Tommy's friends what Tommy wanted for his birthday. Guess what? How many little red wagons did Tommy receive for his birthday? (Counting 1 through 20 for ages 2, 3 and early 4) A part of the After-School Education Project - Full screen images, colorful learning tool.
Numbers 0-20 Flash Card Booklet: With Ten-Frames [Print Replica] ~by Schoolhouse Heaven (Author) ~Math~
Learning Express Reading and Math Jumbo Workbook PreK ~by Scholastic  Inc~Math~Excellent reading and math workbook series correlated to current Common Core State Standards Fantastic and fun way to help children succeed in school Each book contains hundreds of grade-specific, teacher approved activities and practice pages Promotes mastery of key skills and topics Activities cover addition, subtraction, grammar, writing, phonics and more Money Math Learning Centers: 10 Easy Centers With Skill-Building Activities That Teach Counting, One-to-One Correspondence, Sorting, Addition, and Subtraction
and Meet the NCTM Standards ~by Shirley Barulich (Author) ~Math~Build and reinforce young students' money skills by providing practical, hands-on experience with these kid-pleasing learning centers. As they help set up and play in these money centers, students practice key math skills, such as skip counting, addition, subtraction, graphing, and more. A fun way to meet the NCTM standards! For use with Grades K-2. Pirate Patterns: Math Activity Kit Book Supplement
March 5, 2013 ~by Flash Kids Editors (Editor) ~Math~Pirates, mermaids, and buried treasure math is a thrilling adventure with this ch-arrrrgh-ming activity pack! Swashbuckling preschoolers will love the excitement of mastering such skills as sorting and shape and pattern recognition.
Scholastic Learning Express: Numbers 1 to 20 ~by Inc Scholastic (Author) ~Math~Get your child ready for addition and subtraction! Children will review numbers 1 to 10 and be introduced to numbers 11 to 20. Topics covered: Identifying numbers Writing numbers Counting Adding For use with Grades K-2.
Anne's First 123 Book: Learning book for toddlers, pre-schoolers and young children - Counting from 1 to 10 (Illustrated books for children) ~by Sia Wals (Author) ~Math~This is the perfect book to help your child learn the numbers in a fun, creative and playful way. The vibrant design and bold illustrations will help the children focus and master their numbers, while they increase their early vocabulary. The intended age range is the two to six set, though you should not let that stop you from introducing your children to the numbers system even earlier than that. This is an excellent book for all ages, that can be read with your kids and enjoyed again and again.
Bug Shares And Learns Fractions (The Bug Books Math & Money Series For Young Children In Preschool, Kindergarten And First Grade Book 1) ~by The Bug Books (Author) ~Math~This Bug Book is about sharing and includes "math sentences" for the fractions one half, one third, and one quarter. It has fourteen pages with two to five sentences per page but the focus is still repetition and simple words to encourage your little bug to read to you as much as possible. Shoe Box Learning Centers: Addition & Subtraction: 30 Instant Centers With Reproducible Templates and Activities That Help Kids Practice Important Math Skills
Independently! ~by Jacqueline Clarke (Author) ~Math~Enrich center time with easy-to-make-and-store "kits"! These 30 skill-building games and activities help kids practice connecting numbers to the quantities they represent, skip-counting, place value, and more. Each box can be assembled with readily available materials and includes reproducible labels, easy-to-read student directions, and reproducible game boards and worksheets. Meets the NCTM Standards.
Math with Recycled Materials in Early Childhood Classrooms: Preschool Math ~by Madhavi Sudarsana (Author) ~Math~This math booklet discusses the preschool content areas, defined by National Council of Mathematics Teachers, for math in summary form. The activities in this book are suitable for children between the ages of 3 and 6.. If you are working with children of other age groups, these activities may be adapted and used to further suit their needs. It focuses on using recycled materials to create math activities to fulfill each content area.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt On Core Mathematics: Reseller Package Grade K ~by HOUGHTON MIFFLIN HARCOURT (Author) ~Math~On Core Mathematics is a package with a Teacher's Edition and a Student's Edition. The Teacher's Edition provides lesson background for topics or skills covered, questioning strategies to prompt classrrom discussions all designed to integrate the Standards of Mathematical Practice into every lesson. The Student Edition offers clear and concise lessons covering the Common Core State Standards
Adventures on Math Island - The Fantastic Five ~by Sanju Sharma (Author),~Math~Alex Ferreira (Illustrator) The National Council of Teachers of Mathematics (NCTM) and the National Association for the Education of Young Children (NAEYC) jointly affirm "high-quality, challenging, and accessible mathematics education for 3- to 6-year-old children is a vital foundation for future mathematics learning." Similar to the documented success of early literacy programs, increased energy, time, and individual commitment to mathematics in the early years will generate significant progress in mathematics proficiency communally. The story is dedicated to budding engineers, scientists, and imaginers everywhere and is based around the premise that we require mathematical thinking to make sense of our universal environment (size, height, totals, exchange, distance, more, less). This book is as much for parent educators as for children in providing tools and a pathway for practice, promoting confidence in basic addition and subtraction math functions. The story begins with Isabelle traveling to a magical island where she befriends four animals who need mathematical help to defeat the number trolls and return to their homes. The team has to work together to find a way though the adventure using mathematical operations imaginatively and quickly, lest they fail in their quest. The story focuses on the "how" and utilizes contemporary imagery to captivate and empower our next generation of technologists.
Kindergarten Essentials, Grade K ~by Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler),~Math~Casey Privette (Compiler) Extend learning in the kindergarten classroom using Kindergarten Essentials. This 304-page book is perfect for morning work and for students who always finish their work early. It features fun and challenging activities with extension suggestions on almost every page. The book addresses essential math and language arts skills and presents them in a whimsical, innovative style that students love! This book includes reproducibles and more than 275 activities that utilize coloring, cutting, and gluing skills. It supports Reading First, NCTE standards, and NCTM standards and aligns with state, national, and Canadian provincial standards.
Math Is Fun!: My First Counting Book ~by Noah Smiles (Author) ~Math~The purpose of this book is to introduce children to the numbers. I use colorful and engaging images to keep the child's attention. I use the actual number as well as the written form of the number. I also use descriptive words to help develop language skills at the same time.
One Two Buckle My Shoe: Math Activities For Young Children ~by Sam Ed Brown (Author) ~Math~Children may begin developing mathematical concepts as early as eight months of age. By two or three, they already possess a growing math vocabulary. The child asks for "more" milk a "piece" of pie, or talks about "one" of the blocks. Simple classifications of toys into different groups are the groundwork for more complicated sets and subsets in the future. Young children need math experiences geared to their developmental level that do not demand abilities they have not yet acquired Children need to be able to see, feel, handle and manipulate quantities in a gamelike atmosphere.
Bug Has A Penny (The Bug Books Math & Money Series For Young Children In Preschool, Kindergarten, And First Gradendergarten And First Grade Book 2) ~by The Bug Books (Author) ~Math~This book has fourteen pages with three to five sentences per page and it includes a penny, nickel, dime, quarter and dollar. The concepts of bigger, smaller, front, back and how many cents each one is worth are used. There are also some number sentences. The following words are used: The, Bug, penny, a, has, front, and, back, it, is, round, copper, silver, color, one, two, five, ten, twenty-five, forty-nine, cents, coin, bill, dollar, bigger, smaller, biggest, smallest, book, buy, earn, rectangle, shape, green, black, hundred, called, worth, than, but, more, or, plus, much, easier, to, carry, money, does, have, lot, of, will, try, only, bank, save, earn, something, like, special, toy, what, would, you, where, says, asks, bye
Scholastic Learning Express: Numbers 1 to 10 ~by Inc Scholastic (Author) ~Math~Recognizing and writing numerals, counting and counting by groups ( skip-counting ) are crucial to children s early mathematics learning. In addition, concepts, such as more than, less than, equal
Countdown to Space: Math Activity Kit ~by Flash Kids Editors (Editor) ~Math~3, 2, 1, BLAST OFF! Take learning into the stratosphere with this engaging activity pack. Little astronauts love showing off their math know-how, including counting from 1-20. It's out of this world!
Numbers 0-20: Wipe-Clean Activity Book (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by HarperCollins UK (Author) ~Math~Introduce young learners to numbers with this fun and engaging activity book. Lots of practice opportunities to help children learn the numbers 0 Wipe-clean pages and pen so that children can try the activities again and again. Colourful, motivating activities to help boost confidence.
30 Fun Ways to Learn with Blocks and Boxes ~by Clare Beswick (Author) ~Math~
A Bear Who Goes for a Walk ~by Michael Bacotti (Author, Illustrator),~Math~Michaella Bacotti (Editor) Meet this friendly Bear! His curiosity sends him on a day long adventure when he finds a treasure map. Go on a treasure hunt with Bear and experience his many adventures for yourself.
Turn-to-Learn Wheels in Color: Early Math: 25 Ready-to-Go Manipulative Wheels That Help Children Practice and Master Key Early Math Skills ~by Scholastic (Author) ~Math~Make math engaging with these 25 easy-to-assemble, hands-on learning wheels! With just a turn of each adorable wheel, young learners practice and master essential math skills and concepts independently! Topics include number sense, skip-counting, addition, subtraction, time, money, and more. Includes a CD with ready-to-print versions of each of the 25 wheels in both full-color and black-line formats, as well as blank templates for creating customized wheels. A must-have teaching tool for all PreK-2 classrooms! For use with Grades PreK
Zoe and Henry Cut Cake (Zoe and Henry Make Math Book 1) ~by David Hernquist (Author),~Math~Kerri Waller (Illustrator) A children's book to teach counting, patterns, and real-world applications. Henry and his sister Zoe want to have a party. As their invitation list grows, so do the number of cake slices they must provide for their guests. Big sister helps her little brother see the pattern as Mom cuts up the cake. This simple and sweet story is designed to help little minds see mathematics in everyday experiences and to help parents start showing their babies that numbers and patterns are everywhere.
Preschool Fun - Math Sticker Activities (Preschool Fun Series) Act Csm St Edition ~by Popular Book Company (Author) ~Math~The Preschool Fun series is jam-packed with educational games and fun activities designed to help young children develop the basic skills and concepts relating the math and English. Chock-full of sticker activities designed for preschoolers, this book teaches basic math concepts and skills such as numbers, counting, and comparing in an enjoyable and engaging way.
Counting Book (A childrens counting book 1 to 10 with small animals) Squirrel Tales ~by Mark Povey (Author, Illustrator) ~Math~This book uses small animal illustrations with numbers to encourage children to remember not only the number of animals but also the names of those animals. The illustrations are detailed bright and clear.Visually Stimulating which helps with memory and recall and fast learning an easy way to introduce counting. A first Counting Picture Book for Toddlers & Preschoolers
Say It with Shapes and Numbers (Mixing in Math) ~by Marlene Kliman (Author) ~Math~Developed by the Mixing in Math group at TERC, an education nonprofit, and based on research funded in part by the National Science Foundation, this book is packed with all kinds of math games for matching colors with numbers, comparing and counting, and simple addition and subtraction. These projects and games, which use everyday materials such as paper towel tubes and cardboard boxes, can be used as icebreakers, party games, and group activities for indoors and out as well as special events throughout the calendar year. Whether in the car, on the bus, in a waiting room, or at the dinner table, the varied games and activates in this book serve as the perfect introduction to math for young children.
Mathematics in Early Childhood Classrooms (Mathematics for young children) ~by Madhavi Sudarsana (Author) ~Math~Mathematics in Early Childhood Classrooms combines the three books in the Mathematics for Young Children series into one book. It discusses all five mathematical content areas defined by NCTM (National Council of Teachers of Mathematics). This book is designed for getting children ready for kindergarten mathematics. All the techniques and activities discussed in the book are either play based or exploratory in nature. This book includes the process of Mathematics, considerations for teaching math to young children, the signs of learning disabilities for math, and content areas for math. It also includes Mathematical goals for Pre Kindergarten defined by California Learning Foundations Frameworks, various components of each content area; activities with photographs based on the content area and activity ideas for different types of intelligences.
Zoo Animal Alphabet and Baby Animal Numbers ~by Julie R. Tucker (Author) ~Math~This book is an excellent teaching tool for your little ones and anyone learning the English language. Teach your child new words, letters, animals, numbers, colors, and sizes. Cute and fun animal alphabet, A through Z. Fun descriptive names and words that begin with the letters of the alphabet to match the zoo animals. Have them tell you the colors of the written words. Talk to your child about Joyful Jewelled Jellyfish, Mighty Messy Monkey, Unique Useful Unicorn, Whistling Wishing Whale, and more. Numbers one through ten with baby animals for counting. The baby animals range in size to teach little ones about large and small. Ask them to find the largest and smallest baby animals. They can use the animals for counting the full amount or only find the largest or smallest animals. Fun for your children to learn with you or on their own. Here are some books from my series of children s books Fun with Friends.
Numbers, Grades PK - K (Exploring) ~by American Education Publishing (Compiler) ~Math~Numbers, a comprehensive learning resource, provides high-interest, full-color lessons to spark students interest and encourage critical thinking. The engaging activities reinforce numbers 0 100 and provide practice with addition, subtraction, time, and money. The problems are easy-to-navigate and allow children to get the practice they will need for everyday success. A complete answer key to measure performance is also included, as well as a fun sticker sheet and poster.
I Can Count to Ten ~by Frank Martin (Author) ~Math~Teach your children how to count from one to ten with this combination of colorful images and simple, bold text. Perfect for toddlers to Kinder.
Sea Numbers (Story, Science & Song Books Book 2) ~by Tiffany Polino (Author),~Math~Jennifer Cahall (Author), Margaret Pence (Illustrator) Dive in and meet fascinating sea creatures while discovering hidden numbers along the way. Vibrant illustrations of friendly ocean animals encourage children to search for numbers that are hidden within the natural shapes and patterns of the organisms. Kids love to trace the numbers on each page, and they are eager to count the animal silhouettes. In addition to the story, Sea Numbers offers science information and several activities, including reproducible sheets. There is also a counting song sheet and dance movements! Developed by educators, this book is great for parents as well as teachers. Sea Numbers is a creative book for very young readers (ages 2-6 years) who love animals and are just beginning to explore numbers 1-10.
Seven! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number seven.
Zero! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number zero.
Four! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number four.
Numbers 1-20 ~by Sophie Hawkins (Author) ~Math~A simple yet educational book for Children who are learning to count. This book keeps Children entertained with crisp clear images. Will help develop any Child's basic counting skills, yet remain a fun activity.
Counting in my Garden ~by Lillian Castro (Author),~Math~Matthew Castro (Illustrator), Michael Castro (Editor) Counting in my garden is a wonderful teaching tool. It is a fun and exciting way your child will learn to count from 1 - 25. They will learn to count, recognize their numbers and identify healthy fruits and vegetables. Your child will want to count over and over again.
Nine! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number nine.
Five! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number five.
30 Fun Ways to Learn About Time and Money ~by Dawn Roper (Author) ~Math~
Eight! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number eight.
Number Wonder: Teaching Basic Math Concepts to Preschoolers ~by Jane Jarrell (Author),~Math~Deborah Saathoff (Author) The authors show teachers, parents, virtually anyone who works with children, how to rev the engine that drives children to learn all they can about counting and number basics. In this 51 page book, simple, enjoyable activities focus on concepts of greater and less than, sorting skills, the theory of before and after, and other important number skills--all while incorporating biblical principles. This 8 1/2" x 11" book is designed for ages 3-7
Scholastic Study Smart: Numbers 1 to 30 ~by Joan Novelli (Author),~Math~Holly Grundon (Author) Numbers 1 to 30 reinforces your child s classroom learning of number recognition, number formation, quantities and counting. It provides the repeated practice your child needs to thoroughly learn the numbers 1 to 30. Activities include: Tracing and writing numbers Identifying and sequencing numbers Drawing specified quantities Counting objects in a set Comparing sets of objects For use with Grades K-2. -- -- --
Six! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number six.
Over in the Meadow (Happy Reading, Happy Learning: Math) ~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Math~Holly Karapetkova (Contributor) Sing Along With Dr. Jean And Dr. Holly To Learn And Count The Critters In The Meadow.
Two! (Learning Numbers Series) ~by Demeree B. Hatton (Author) ~Math~This book is part of a learning series.This book in the series teaches little children, about the number two.
Count from One to Ten with Mr. Robot ~by Lydia Lyons (Author) ~Math~
Sharing is Caring: A Counting Book ~by SunflowerJ (Author),~Math~Christopher Washington (Illustrator) Teach kids the value of sharing as they learn to count. An interactive book.
123 Bumblebee ~by Max Graves (Author) ~Math~
Playing with Shapes! (Little World Math) ~by Joyce Markovics (Author) ~Math~Set Out For A Day At The Beach And Learn About All The Shapes You Will See There. Introduces The Cone, Cube, Sphere, Pyramid, And Cylinder. All While Using One Of The Most Popular Settings
Money Counts (Little World Math) ~by Shirley Duke (Author) ~Math~Introduces Students To The Concept Of Money From A Penny To A Dollar. Shows Them How To Make Different Amounts With Different Coins And How Many Coins It Takes To Buy Something.
Counting Age 3-5 (Letts Monster Practice) ~by Becky Hempstock (Author),~Math~Carol Medcalf (Author) In this book, the monsters teach children all about starting to count. The curriculum-based skills practice is accompanied by fun activities, stickers, and a monster mask to reward and motivate. Plenty of practice and reinforcement of the writing skills covered in school is provided. This unique series for children combines all the fun and appeal of traditional character-based activity books with real educational value. Parents can be assured that these books match the new curriculum and provide invaluable practice in key skills, whilst children will love the characters, stickers, fun activities, and monster mask.
The First 12 Days of School (Happy Reading, Happy Learning: Math) ~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Math~Holly Karapetkova (Contributor) Sing Along With Dr. Jean And Dr. Holly To Learn About Things Your Teacher Will Share With You At The Beginning Of School.
Counting 1,2,3... ~by Tom~Math~s Trinidad (Author) This book has been written to teach children how to count in a fun way.
Simple Math Heaven ~by Patrice Hebpurb (Author) ~Math~A fun and interactive math book for children in grades 1&2.
Rhyme to Ten ~by Max Graves (Author) ~Math~
Rascal the Cat with Nine Lives ~by Anne Rawlings (Author),~Math~Louise Hackman-Hexter (Illustrator) -- Louise Hackman-Hexter (Illustrator) Rascal the Cat with Nine Lives - Enables children to count forwards, and just as importantly count backwards. The story has repetition, rhythm and rhyme to encourage beginning readers as well as fostering problem solving skills as Rascal explores his outdoor playground.
Plus Minus Equals ~by Plusominus (Author) ~Math~Teaches your bright child simple counting, addition, subtraction with the number 1. Added bonus of easy reading words and happy illustrations.
Spaz Learns To Count (Counting - English Book 1) ~by Scott Withers (Author) ~Math~Spaz learns to count his cookies. Spaz needs your help counting his cookies. Can you help him? Letts Wild About Maths
Numbers Age 3-5 ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Math~Children will enjoy using this fun and motivating animal-themed activity book. Packed with amazing animal facts, children can explore the wider-world and learn new skills along the way. Covering key areas of the Early Years preschool curriculum, this book is an ideal purchase if you are looking for an engaging and interesting way to help improve your child s number skills. Accessible animal-themed activities which support learning at school to help improve number skills Fun approach to learning with engaging and motivating content that children will love to do at home
Shapes in the City ~by Cheryl Swift (Author),~Math~Carolyn Satoh (Author), Valerie Bouthyette (Illustrator) Children learn to recognize and identify shapes (circles, squares, triangles, rectangles and diamonds) in their environment as they read about the farm animals visit to the city.
Scholastic Study Smart: Numbers 1 to 30 ~by Alyse Sweeney (Author) ~Math~Holly Grundon (Author) Numbers 1 to 30 reinforces your child s classroom learning of number recognition, number formation, quantities and counting. It provides the repeated practice your child needs to thoroughly learn the numbers 1 to 30. Activities include: Tracing and writing numbers Identifying and sequencing numbers Drawing specified quantities Counting objects in a set Comparing sets of objects For use with Grades K-2. -- -- --
Math Preschool Kindergarten Subtraction ~by C Ingram ECE (Author) ~Math~This colorful book introduces young children to the concept of subtraction. Full page colorful images makes math exciting and fun with little to no stress. Learning how to count to twenty is a big accomplishment for a young preschool child. Then the child learns you can add the numbers and subtract the numbers. The author, a retired preschool teacher, uses images to introduce children to subtraction. Scroll up and grab a copy today.
SHAPES ~by Tianyi Li (Editor) ~Math~Adding & Subtracting With Pictures: Early Childhood Education Ages 3 5 A combination of counting, adding, subtraction and word recognition for children ages 3 to five. The concept of adding and subtraction is easily explained as the child counts the objects within the pictures. Real life math game provides an easy, fun, and effective way to learn the concept of adding and subtracting. Cognitive skills improvement. Vocabulary list with pictures for word recognition. Parent participation recommended. An Early Childhood Education learning experience. Scroll up and grab your copy
Pecker (Pecker - The Early Years Book 1) ~by Shreya Gupta (Author) ~Math~Pecker is 4 years old and is getting ready for school and making new friends. Pecker loves to play ball, is curious and eager to learn new things. The story and illustrations were developed by a 9 year old with some help from friends.
Numbers 1 to 10 ~by HaileLincoln Alemu (Author) ~Math~Recognizing and writing numerals, counting and counting by groups ( skip-counting ) are crucial to children s early mathematics learning. In addition, concepts, such as more than, less than, equal and identifying quantities of items, are all key to success in mathematics. Topics covered: -- -- --
Count it Higher with Wildflowers: A Counting Book (Counting Flower series 2) ~by Jady Shea (Author) ~Math~Count it Higher with Wildflowers teaches children to count up to twenty, with numbers displayed in both their written and numerical forms. Pattern recognition develops math skills. Your child will be counting these beautiful flower pictures and reading along in no time at all. The word repetition builds your child s vocabulary and makes it fun for your little ones to learn how to read and count.
Learning with Curious George Preschool Math ~by The Learning Company (Author) ~Math~This workbook series draws on curriculum designed by teachers and aligned to National and State Standards. Children will be led through colorful, kid-friendly activities by their familiar friend Curious George.
I Use Science Tools (My Science Library) ~by Kelli Hicks (Author) ~Science~Introduces equipment and devices commonly found in a science laboratory, including a pencil for taking notes, a hand lens, a microscope, and a camera, and describes their use.
All the World (Classic Board Books) ~by Liz Garton Scanlon (Author),~Science~Marla Frazee (Illustrator) Following a circle of family and friends through the course of a day from morning until night, this book affirms the importance of all things great and small in our world, from the tiniest shell on the beach, to the warmth of family connections, to the widest sunset sky.
This Little President: A Presidential Primer ~by Joan Holub (Author),~Science~Daniel Roode (Illustrator) Learn all about the US presidents with this fun and colorful board book perfect for leaders-in-training! Leading our country. Helping you and me. Keeping all fifty states safe, happy, and free. Little presidents have a great big job.
Brain Quest Workbook: Pre-K ~by Liane Onish (Author) ~Science~
Toes, Ears, & Nose! A Lift-the-Flap Book ~by Marion Dane Bauer (Author),~Science~Karen Katz (Author) Help Baby discover toes, ears, nose, and more in this lift-the-flap book by Marion Dane Bauer and illustrated by Karen Katz! Inside my boots I've got toes, and beneath my scarf is a... Baby is bundled in a mountain of clothes! Peek under the flaps of clothing to find out what's underneath, and play this fun peekaboo book again and again!
Time to Be a Hero (PJ Masks) ~by Daphne Pendergrass (Adapter),~Science~Style Guide (Illustrator) Join your favorite heroes as they work together to save the day in this Level 1 Ready-to-Read based on PJ Masks, the hit preschool series airing on Disney Junior! Owlette can t wait to try the new train ride at the amusement park! But when Romeo steals the train for himself, it s up to Owlette, Catboy, and Gekko to stop him! Can Owlette put aside her excitement to track down Romeo and derail his plot?
Where Is Baby's Belly Button? A Lift-the-Flap Book ~by Karen Katz (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Karen Katz's adorable babies play peekaboo in this delightful interactive book. The sturdy format and easy-to-lift flaps are perfect for parents and children to share. "Where are Baby's hands? Under the bubbles!" "Where are baby's eyes? Under her hat!"
Move It!: Motion, Forces and You (Primary Physical Science) ~by Adrienne Mason (Author),~Science~Claudia Davila (Illustrator) Developed with the cooperation of a science consultant, this book in the Primary Physical Science series is a tool to teach the physical sciences to young children. Move It! follows science curricula and is loaded with surprising facts and hands-on activities designed to hold young readers' interest and tap into their fascination with the everyday world. Move It! explores the physics of why and how things move.
Because of an Acorn ~by Lola M. Schaefer (Author),~Science~Adam Schaefer (Author), Frann Preston-Gannon (Illustrator) Because of an acorn, a tree grows, a bird nests, a seed becomes a flower. Enchanting die-cuts illustrate the vital connections between the layers of an ecosystem in this magical book. Wander down the forest path to learn how every tree, flower, plant, and animal connect to one another in spiraling circles of life. An acorn is just the beginning.
Sylvester and the Magic Pebble ~by William Steig (Author, Illustrator),~Science~James Earl Jones (Reader) Sylvester can t believe his luck when he finds a magic pebble that can make wishes come true. But when a lion jumps out at him on his way home, Sylvester is shocked into making a wish that has unexpected consequences. After overcoming a series of obstacles, Sylvester is eventually reunited with his loving family. Illustrated with William Steig s glowing pictures, this winner of the Caldecott Medal is beloved by children everywhere.
No Two Alike (Classic Board Books) ~by Keith Baker (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~From bestselling author-illustrator Keith Baker, explore the wondrous world of winter in this charming story now available as a Classic Board Book! No two snowflakes are alike, almost, almost . . . but not quite. Follow a pair of birds on a snowflake-filled journey though a gorgeous winter landscape to explore how everything everywhere is wonderfully unique from branches and leaves to forests and trees to friends and loved ones.
Science Safety Rules (My Science Library) ~by Kelli Hicks (Author) ~Science~Introduces seven basic rules of safety in the science laboratory, including following directions, washing hands, and looking and listening, but never tasting or smelling materials.
I Can Save the Earth!: One Little Monster Learns to Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle (Little Green Books) ~by Alison Inches (Author),~Science~Viviana Garofoli (Illustrator) A new green series!: Little Green Books will educate children on what they can do to be more eco-friendly. The books in this line will be made from recycled materials, and the storylines will cover subjects such as improving the environment, learning about endangered animals, recycling, and much more. Meet Max the Little Monster. He is a cute, furry green monster who is an environmental nightmare. Among other things, he leaves on all the lights, keeps his computer plugged in, blasts the TV, hoards his old toys and uses so much toilet paper it clogs the toilet until finally, his excessive ways cause a power outage. With no TV to watch, computer to play on, video games to play with, Max finds there is a whole big world outside that he can make a difference in the environment. Kids can follow Max the Little Green Monster's journey to environmental awareness and learn tips on how they can become little green monsters themselves. A kid-friendly glossary of terms is included in the back of the book.
Read with Me Bible: an NIrV Story Bible for Children ~by Doris Rikkers (Editor),~Science~Jean E. Syswerds (Editor), Dennis Jones (Illustrator) The Read with Me Bible: Children love it. Parents trust it. Action-packed with full-color art, this storybook Bible contains Old and New Testament sections and brings 106 best-loved Bible stories to life. Children will love reading it with you or to you. The Read with Me Bible is based on the New International Reader s Version (NIrV) that uses simpler words and shorter sentences making the text easy to read and understand.
Flashlight ~by Lizi Boyd (Author) ~Science~Inside a tent it's cozy. But what is going on outside? Is it dark? Is it scary? Not if you have your trusty flashlight! Told solely through images and using a spare yet dramatic palette, artist Lizi Boyd has crafted a masterful exploration of night, nature, and art. Both lyrical and humorous, this visual poem like the flashlight beam itself reveals that there is magic in the darkness. We just have to look for it.
Sleep Tight Farm: A Farm Prepares for Winter ~by Eugenie Doyle (Author),~Science~Becca Stadtlander (Illustrator) A captivating exploration of how a family gets a farm ready for the snow of winter, Sleep Tight Farm lyrically connects each growing season to the preparations at the very end of the farm year. This beautiful and informative book paints a fascinating picture of what winter means to the farm year and to the family that shares its seasons, from spring's new growth, summer's heat, and fall's bounty to winter's well-earned rest. All year long the farm has worked to shelter us, feed us, keep us warm, and now it's time to sleep.
More Than Magnets: Exploring the Wonders of Science in Preschool and Kindergarten ~by Sally Moomaw (Author),~Science~Brenda Hieronymus (Author) Science activities may be neglected in early childhood programs because we don't trust our own knowledge. More Than Magnets takes the uncertainty out of teaching science with more than 100 activities that engage children in interactive science opportunities. Prepares teachers and caregivers to ask and answer questions through the Scientific Information, What to Look For, and Suggested Sequence sections.
STEAM: Preschool Activities for STEM Enrichment ~by Jamie Hand (Author),~Science~Amanda Boyarshinov (Author) STEAM is the traditional STEM + Art. This ebook is packed with creative ways to integrate STEM disciplines into everyday fun and learning for preschoolers. This ebook is for you if you have a child or teach children around three-to-five years old and you are looking for ideas to integrate science, technology, engineering, art, and mathematics into every day play and learning. The ebook includes 30+ Hands On Minds On activities to compliment and enrich preschool learning.
I Use Simple Machines (My Science Library: Level D) ~by Buffy Silverman (Author) ~Science~Emergent Readers Are Introduced To Simple Machines And How We Use Them To Move Things.
Eloise Skates! ~by Kay Thompson (Author),~Science~Lisa McClatchy (Author), Hilary Knight (Author), Tammie Lyon (Illustrator) On a very cold, very snowy winter day, Nanny decides to take Eloise and Weenie ice-skating! But can dogs ice-skate?
Johnny Appleseed (Ready-to-Reads) ~by Jane Kurtz (Author),~Science~Mary Haverfield (Illustrator) Who's that walking along the Ohio? It's Johnny Appleseed! He walks across the land, planting trees wherever he goes. So, everyone, clap your hands for Johnny Appleseed! Don't Throw That Away!: A Lift-the-Flap Book about Recycling and Reusing (Little Green Books) Board book
October 13, 2009 ~by Lara Bergen (Author),~Science~Betsy Snyder (Illustrator) Follow an eco-conscious super hero as he teaches kids how to recycle and reuse common household items! The six large flaps throughout show that oridinary trash is really a treasure. From turning old clothes into fun costumes or an old box into a brand new car, kids will learn that saving the environment is super cool!
Next Time You See a Spiderweb ~by Emily Morgan (Author) ~Science~This book tells the amazing story behind spiderwebs: how they are made by spiders, used for protection and to capture food and moisture.
Worms, Shadows, and Whirlpools: Science in the Early Childhood Classroom ~by Karen Worth (Author),~Science~Sharon Grollman (Author) This book represents a new way to think about science education for young children. Based on the growing understanding that even the littlest learners are powerful thinkers and theory makers, it identifies important science inquiry skills and concepts appropriate for the very young. What's more, it makes a strong case for integrating science into the curriculum right from the start - creating a context for the development of language, mathematical thinking, and social skills.
Common Core Kindergarten 4 Today: Daily Skill Practice (Common Core 4 Today) ~by Carson-Dellosa Publishing (Compiler) ~Science~Common Core Kindergarten 4 Today: Daily Skill Practice provides the perfect standards-based activities for each day of the week. Reinforce math and language arts Common Core State Standards along with science and social studies topics all year long in just a few minutes a day! Review essential skills in math, language arts, science, and social studies during a four-day period and assess on the fifth day with a writing prompt that corresponds with the week's activities.
Max & Mo Go Apple Picking ~by Patricia Lakin (Author),~Science~Brian Floca (Illustrator) Max and Mo are tired of eating corn. Luckily the big ones -- the kids -- just went apple picking. Everyone knows you can make applesauce with apples, but is there anything else you can make with them?
Learning About My Body - ScienceWorks for Kids ~by Evan Moor (Author) ~Science~Learning About My Body covers concepts that address National Science Education Standards. Concepts covered include: the human body has structures and behaviors that help it grow and survive: the body has external parts, the body has internal parts-skeleton and muscles, heart and lungs, stomach and intestines, the brain controls body functions and is the center of thinking, humans use their five senses to find out about their surroundings: hearing, sight, smell, taste, touch, humans grow and change during their life cycles, we must take care of our bodies: nutrition, rest, cleanliness, exercise, safety. A variety of engaging activities present the concepts in ways that young students can understand. Each concept presented includes: teacher directions for lessons and reproducible resource pages such as sets of picture cards, minibooks, and lab sheets to record the results of hands-on investigation
Max & Mo Go Apple Picking ~by Patricia Lakin (Author),~Science~Brian Floca (Illustrator) Max and Mo are tired of eating corn. Luckily the big ones -- the kids -- just went apple picking. Everyone knows you can make applesauce with apples, but is there anything else you can make with them?
See Santa Nap (The Adventures of Otto) ~by David Milgrim (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Otto helps Santa find a place to rest after a busy night delivering presents in this Pre-level 1 Ready-to-Read by New York Times bestselling author/illustrator, David Milgrim. This is part of the award-winning, star-reviewed The Adventures of Otto series. See Santa deliver his last present. See Santa yawn. See Santa nap. See Flop bang his new drum. See Santa wake up! Poor Santa is exhausted from delivering presents all night, but he can
Clara Caterpillar ~by Pamela Duncan Edwards (Author),~Science~Henry Cole (Illustrator) Such a clever caterpillar! A carefree cabbage caterpillar named Clara, who becomes a common cream-colored butterfly, can t possibly compete with a catty, conceited caterpillar named Catisha, who becomes a captivating crimson-colored butterfly. Or can she?
ABC: Zooborns! ~by Andrew Bleiman (Author),~Science~Chris Eastland (Author) Calling all animal enthusiasts! It's time to scamper through the alphabet with a herd of irresistible zoo babies. Now available as a Classic Board Book, this edition of ABC ZooBorns! is perfect for the youngest of readers. Featuring adorable animal photos and zippy text, this just might be the cutest ABC book ever to hit the shelves!
A Walk in the Forest ~by Maria Dek (Author) ~Science~
Go, Otto, Go! (The Adventures of Otto) ~by David Milgrim (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Otto the robot builds a spaceship in this funny and poignant Theodor Seuss Geisel Honor Book. This Pre-Level 1 Ready-to-Read by New York Times bestselling author/illustrator David Milgrim is part of the award-winning, star-reviewed The Adventures of Otto series! See Otto work. Work, work, work on a spaceship to take him home. Since landing on Earth, Otto has made many friends, but what Otto wants most is to visit his family. Will Otto s spaceship take him up, up, up, so he can go, go, go?
Apple Trees and the Seasons (My Science Library) ~by Julie Lundgren (Author) ~Science~Emergent Readers Explore What Happens To An Apple Tree During Each Season.
ABC: Zooborns! ~by Andrew Bleiman (Author),~Science~Chris Eastland (Author) Calling all animal enthusiasts! It's time to scamper through the alphabet with a herd of irresistible zoo babies. Now available as a Classic Board Book, this edition of ABC ZooBorns! is perfect for the youngest of readers. Featuring adorable animal photos and zippy text, this just might be the cutest ABC book ever to hit the shelves!
Twins in the Park (Ready-to-Reads) ~by Ellen Weiss (Author),~Science~Sam Williams (Illustrator) Word repetition Familiar words and phrases Simple sentences Read along as the twins spend a fun-filled day at the park!
Swing, Otto, Swing! (The Adventures of Otto) ~by David Milgrim (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Monkey see, monkey do! Otto learns to swing like his monkey friends in this Pre-level 1 Ready-to-Read by New York Times bestselling author/illustrator, David Milgrim. This is part of the award-winning, star-reviewed The Adventures of Otto series. See Flip swing. See Flop swing. See Otto CRASH. Otto the robot tries, but he just can t swing through the jungle like his monkey friends do. Then he has an idea, one that will have everyone swinging! This Pre-level 1 Ready-to-Read with bright illustrations and minimal text is perfect for the true emergent reader.
First Sums: Wipe-Clean Activity Book (Collins Easy Learning Preschool) ~by Collins UK (Author) ~Science~Introduce young learners to numbers with this fun and engaging activity book. Lots of practice opportunities to help children develop adding and subtracting skills. Wipe-clean pages and pen so that children can try simple sums again and again. Colourful, motivating activities to help boost confidence. Shoe Box Learning Centers: Counting: 30 Instant Centers With Reproducible Templates and Activities That Help Kids Practice Important Math Skills
Hero School (PJ Masks) ~by Tina Gallo (Adapter),~Science~Style Guide (Illustrator) Gekko learns a special lesson about asking for help in this Level 1 Ready-to-Read based on PJ Masks, the hit preschool series airing on Disney Junior! When Night Ninja steals the school bus and converts it into his very own super-vehicle, it s up to the PJ Masks to stop him in his tracks.
What's Special at Night? (Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood) ~by Daphne Pendergrass (Adapter),~Science~Jason Fruchter (Illustrator) Join Daniel Tiger and his family on a nighttime walk through the neighborhood in this charming new board book based on a popular episode of Daniel Tiger s Neighborhood! s a beautiful night in the neighborhood, and Daniel Tiger and his family are going on a walk. Do you want to come along? From the sleepy shops on Main Street to the big starry sky, let s find out what s special at night! Based on a tentpole episode, this sweet storybook is the perfect bedtime story for every Daniel Tiger fan.
The Ladybug ~by Bernadette Gervais (Illustrator) ~Science~Ever wondered how many spots a ladybug has? What it eats? How high it can fly? This sweet and stylish lift-the-flap book reveals all the fascinating facts about every child's favorite beetle the ladybug. -- the ladybug. Featuring charming illustrations by Bernadette Gervais, delightful nested flaps and a fun spot-the-difference activity, The Ladybug is the perfect introduction to nature for young children, and will encourage little explorers everywhere to take a closer look at the world around them.
Niagara Falls (Wonders of America) ~by Marion Dane Bauer (Author),~Science~John Wallace (Illustrator) Niagara Falls is beautiful and exciting. Read along to discover how the Falls were made and the history that surrounds them.
Over the Ocean ~by Taro Gomi (Author) ~Science~Renowned children's book creator Taro Gomi has created another masterpiece. In this beautiful testament to wondering, a young girl gazes out to where the water meets the sky and wonders what lies beyond the waves. Boats filled with toys? Skyscrapers filled with people? Houses filled with families? Or, maybe, over the ocean stands someone not so different from the girl herself, returning her gaze. In this celebration of imagination's power, young readers will find joy in the mystery of the faraway, the unknown, and the just-beyond.
Ride, Otto, Ride! (The Adventures of Otto) ~by David Milgrim (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Otto gets a ride from a friend in this Pre-level 1 Ready-to-Read by New York Times bestselling author/illustrator, David Milgrim. This is part of the award-winning, star-reviewed The Adventures of Otto series. See Peanut give Otto a ride. See Peanut give Otto s friends a ride. See Peanut give more of Otto s friends a ride. See Peanut fall down. Can Otto save the day? This Pre-level 1 Ready-to-Read with bright illustrations and minimal text is perfect for the true emergent reader.
See Otto (The Adventures of Otto) ~by David Milgrim (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Otto runs, runs, runs in this Pre-level 1 Ready-to-Read by New York Times bestselling author/illustrator, David Milgrim. This is part of the award-winning, star-reviewed The Adventures of Otto series. Meet Otto, an excitable robot who seeks adventure and finds it when he falls off his spaceship and lands on Earth, directly in front of a very cranky rhinoceros. Otto runs, but the rhino runs faster Run, Otto, run! This Pre-level 1 Ready-to-Read with bright illustrations and minimal text is perfect for the true emergent reader.
Fall is for School ~by Robert Neubecker (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Fall is time for turning leaves, The weather's growing cool. Fall is here! Come on with me! It's time to go to school.
Earth Day (Robin Hill School) ~by Margaret McNamara (Author),~Science~Mike Gordon (Illustrator) The kids in Mrs. Connor's class are celebrating Earth Day, and everyone has lots of ideas on how to save the Earth...except Emma. Emma is worried that her ideas are not good enough. With the help of her dad and Mrs. Connor, Emma learns that her small ideas can have big results!
Lots and Lots of Zebra Stripes ~by Stephen R. Swinburne (Author, Photographer) ~Science~With a simple text and vivid full-color photographs, Stephen R. Swinburne shows children a wide range of nature's exquisite designs. He invites children to open their eyes and look for patterns in water and on land, in the air and on the ground, and in their own neighborhoods. They will see the world as they've never seen it before.
Volcano! (Natural Disasters) ~by Marion Dane Bauer (Author),~Science~John Wallace (Illustrator) The Earth as we know it was partly created by volcanoes. Many are still active today. Learn how volcanoes form and what is going on when they erupt.
The Beginner's Bible Jesus Heals the Sick ~by Zondervan (Author) ~Science~Showing God s Love! Through Jesus loving words and touch, he shows God s love by healing people s hurts and sickness. As Jesus travels from place-to-place preaching, he shows his followers many times that God s love and mercy is for everyone.
Day and Night (My First Science Library K-1) ~by Conrad J Storad (Author) ~Science~Emergent Readers Learn About The Cycle Of Day And Night.
The Beginner's Bible Jesus Feeds the Hungry ~by Zondervan (Author) ~Science~Jesus Feeds the Hungry is a retelling of the favorite Bible story about Jesus feeding the five thousand. Using art from the bestselling The Beginner s Bible, this story is available in the popular and affordable 8x8 softcover format. This lovely story about one of the most well-known of Jesus miracles tells about a young boy who travels to see and listen to Jesus preach. When Jesus is done teaching after a long day, the crowd is hungry and Jesus and his disciples want to feed the people. Soon, the young boy, who has brought his own meal of bread and fish, is called forward and he shares what he has. Through the great love of God and this miracle of Jesus, five thousand followers are fed that night.
Springtime Baby (Baby Seasons) ~by Elise Broach (Author),~Science~Cori Doerrfeld (Illustrator) Springtime baby Drizzly day Rainboot baby Let's go play! Little ones will love to join baby on a fun-filled spring day. The adventure begins with some mudpie-making and puddle-stomping, followed by sunshine, a rainbow and gorgeous, sweet smelling blossoms. All the favorite springtime creatures, from ducklings to butterflies, share a splendid day with our springtime baby! This interactive novelty board book features large lift-the-flaps on each spread, hiding charming surprises underneath. With acclaimed author Elise Broach's delightful rhyming text and playful illustrations by Cori Doerrfeld, this is the perfect read-aloud to share on a perfect spring afternoon.
Splish, Splash, ZooBorns! ~by Andrew Bleiman (Author),~Science~Chris Eastland (Author) Beat the heat and the bathtime blues with this splashtastic Level 1 Ready-to-Read about baby zoo animals that s perfect for emerging readers! How do adorable baby zoo animals handle the summer heat? Baby hippos splish and splash; baby elephants take baths; and baby dolphins dive in the water! Cool off with the ZooBorn babies in this sweet Level 1 Ready-to-Read that s perfect for even the youngest animal lover!
Crickets (Seedlings) ~by Laura K. Murray (Author) ~Science~A kindergarten-level introduction to crickets, covering their growth process, behaviors, the habitats they call home, and such defining features as their wings.
Yellowstone (Wonders of America) ~by Marion Dane Bauer (Author),~Science~John Wallace (Illustrator) Bubbling mud puddles, shooting steam, and majestic bison make Yellowstone National Park -- the world's first national park -- a magical place to visit!
The Grand Canyon (Wonders of America) ~by Marion Dane Bauer (Author),~Science~John Wallace (Illustrator) It all started with water. But how did one river make such a deep canyon? Read on and find out.
Learning About the Earth, Grades K-1 ~by Evan Moor (Author) ~Science~Learning About the Earth covers concepts that address National Science Education Standards. Concepts covered include: objects in the sky can be seen and described, the sun provides light and heat for earth, objects in the sky have patterns of movement, the earth is surrounded by air, the earth is a sphere covered with soil and water, the earth is a sphere of rock, rocks can be described by their physical properties, the surface of the earth changes, earth materials provide many of the resources we use, and fossils tell us about long ago. A variety of engaging activities present the concepts in ways that young students can understand. Each concept presented includes: teacher directions for lessons and reproducible resource pages such as sets of picture cards, minibooks, and lab sheets to record the results of hands-on investigations.
Friday the Scaredy Cat ~by Kara McMahon (Author),~Science~Maddy McClellan (Illustrator) -- Maddy McClellan (Illustrator) Black cats are supposed to be scary, but no one has told that to this little black cat named Friday. So, instead of being scary, Friday the Scaredy Cat is scared! When the doorbell rings, he jumps, runs, and hides. When a car horn beeps, he jumps, runs, and hides! But when something appears that should make him jump out of his skin, what does Friday do? Find out in this fun, sweetly spooky easy-to-ready level 1 story!
How Do Plants Grow? (My Science Library) ~by Julie Lundgren (Author) ~Science~Emergent Readers Explore Basic Plant Parts And What Plants Need To Grow.
Seedlings: Giraffes ~by Kate Riggs (Author) ~Science~Hello, elephants and lions. Hello, penguins and monkeys. Hello, ... fun! The new Seedlings books offer irresistible introductions to six exotic but familiar animals, using a friendly voice and text crafted for the youngest of readers to touch upon the creatures' bodies, behaviors, habitats, and family relationships. Dynamic photos, meanwhile, provide alluring depictions of the featured animal eating, moving, growing, and playing. Put these books on your shelves and plant the seeds of knowledge!
Learning About Animals - ScienceWorks for Kids ~by Evan Moor (Author) ~Science~Learning About Animals covers concepts that address National Science Education Standards. Concepts covered include: animals are living things; living things are alike in many ways, there are many kinds of animals; animals live in different habitats, an animals body and behaviors help it survive in its environment, animals are many sizes, animals are many colors, animals bodies have different kinds of coverings, animals have different types of appendages, animals find and eat food in different ways, animals have different methods of self-defense, animals need air, food, and water; animals depend on plants for food, animals grow and change, and animals look like their parents. A variety of engaging activities present the concepts in ways that young students can understand. Each concept presented includes: teacher directions for lessons and reproducible resource pages such as sets of picture cards, minibooks, and lab sheets to record the results of hands-on investigations.
Snuggle Up, ZooBorns! ~by Andrew Bleiman (Author),~Science~Chris Eastland (Author) Cozy up with this cuddly Level 1 Ready-to-Read about baby zoo animals that s perfect for emerging readers! What do koala bears, panda bears, sea otters, snow leopards, and people have in common? They all love to snuggle! Nestle up with your little ones and the ZooBorn babies in this sweet Level 1 Ready-to-Read that s perfect for even the youngest animal lover!
Seedlings: Wolves ~by Kate Riggs (Author) ~Science~Seedlings offers irresistible introductions to exotic animals and familiar construction vehicles, using a friendly voice and educational text crafted for the youngest of readers. Dynamic photos depict the bodies, behaviors, and habitats of animals and the parts, operation, and roles of machines.
Beginning Science (Ready to Learn) ~by Imogene Forte (Author) ~Science~Educators know that early learning success is the cornerstone for a lifelong love of learning. The Ready to Learn book series capitalizes on these vitally important teachable years of pre-school and kindergarten. Each book in this 8-book series introduces basic skills and concepts to help pave the way to increased self-confidence and reinforced lifelong learning success. A fun character is introduced in each book and every book includes a FREE classroom poster of the Ready to Learn characters.
Seedlings: Lions ~by Kate Riggs (Author) ~Science~Hello, elephants and lions. Hello, penguins and monkeys. Hello, ... fun! The new Seedlings books offer irresistible introductions to six exotic but familiar animals, using a friendly voice and text crafted for the youngest of readers to touch upon the creatures' bodies, behaviors, habitats, and family relationships. Dynamic photos, meanwhile, provide alluring depictions of the featured animal eating, moving, growing, and playing. Put these books on your shelves and plant the seeds of knowledge!
Who Do I Look Like? (My First Science Library K-1) ~by Julie Lundgren (Author) ~Science~Emergent Readers Learn How Some Offspring Look Similar To Their Parents While Others Do Not.
Seedlings: Cranes ~by Aaron Frisch (Author) ~Science~Seedlings offers irresistible introductions to exotic animals and familiar construction vehicles, using a friendly voice and educational text crafted for the youngest of readers. Dynamic photos depict the bodies, behaviors, and habitats of animals and the parts, operation, and roles of machines.
Learning About Weather - ScienceWorks for Kids ~by Evan Moor (Author),~Science~Phillip Smith (Illustrator), Jo Larsen (Illustrator), Kelly McMahan (Illustrator) Learning About Weather covers concepts that address National Science Education Standards. Concepts covered include: there are many kinds of weather, weather changes from day to day, weather can be described by measurable quantities-temperature and wind materials exist in different states, water can change from one state to another, and rain is part of the water cycle. A variety of engaging activities present the concepts in ways that young students can understand. Each concept presented includes: teacher directions for lessons and reproducible resource pages such as sets of picture cards, minibooks, and lab sheets to record the results of hands-on investigations.
Learning About Plants - ScienceWorks for Kids ~by Evan Moor (Author) ~Science~Learning About Plants covers concepts that address National Science Education Standards. Concepts covered include: plants are living things; living things are alike in many ways, there are many kinds of plants in many kinds of environments, and the parts of a plant help it survive in its environment. A variety of engaging activities present the concepts in ways that young students can understand. Each concept presented includes: teacher directions for lessons and reproducible resource pages such as sets of picture cards, minibooks, and lab sheets to record the results of hands-on investigations.
The Rocky Mountains (Wonders of America) ~by Marion Dane Bauer (Author),~Science~John Wallace (Illustrator) The Rocky Mountains form the backbone of North America. They sure make a beautiful backbone! But how did they come to be and what animals call them home? Read on and find out.
Our Sun Brings Life (My Science Library: Level D) ~by Conrad J Storad (Author) ~Science~Emergent Readers Learn Facts About The Sun And The Important Role It Plays For Our Planet.
Seedlings: Ladybugs ~by Aaron Frisch (Author) ~Science~Hello, bees and butterflies. Hello, cheetahs and eagles. Hello, ... fun! The popular Seedlings series from Creative Education now offers irresistible introductions to five more wild animals and three familiar insects. Written in a friendly voice, filled with dynamic photos, and featuring text crafted for the youngest of readers, these newest books touch upon the bodies, behaviors, habitats, and family relationships of living things. A wonderful introduction to an informational text format, put these irresistible titles on your shelves and plant the seeds of knowledge! This title is a kindergarten-level introduction to ladybugs, covering their growth process, behaviors, the places they call home, and such defining physical features as their spotted shells.
Books for Kids: The Five Colors of Our Nature Walk: ( Children's Picture Book and Kids Book About Nature + Autumn Leaves ) ~by Latisha Jones (Author) ~Science~The book The Five Colors of Our Nature Walk is about one boy name Joshua and his mother who go for a nature walk. As they walk during one beautiful and sunny day, Joshua discovers different wonderful things from nature and learns what it can offer. In addition to birds and rocks, he discovers the different colors of the leaves on each tree. Joshua learns the leaves may be red like apples or yellow like bananas. The young boy becomes amazed that a leaf can change colors. Due to the curiosity of colors found in the nature, Joshua and his enjoy their day as they walk, talk, and sing together. THE BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED BOOK AIMS TO:
I Know a Scientist (Happy Reading, Happy Learning: Science) ~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Science~Holly Karapetkova (Contributor) Builds the foundaton for science intruction by *Developing content vocabulary. *providing child multiple opportunities to engage in singing, reading, writing, and listening to science content. *Expanding student s visual memory for words and concepts thorugh thild-friendly photographys and graphics.
Nurtured and Nuzzled - Criados y Acariciados ~by Editors at Platypus Media (Author),~Science~Mike Speiser (Illustrator) Babies, whether in snowy dens, warm lagoons, cozy nests, or living rooms, are nurtured and nuzzled. These beautiful images of animal and human families will capture the imagination of even the youngest readers. An early literacy gem and an early childhood STEM book. Perfect for modeling caretaking, breastfeeding, and healthy choices.
Daylight Moonlight ~by Matt Patterson (Author) ~Science~
Stop and Go, Fast and Slow (My First Science Library K-1) ~by Buffy Silverman (Author) ~Science~Emergent Readers Observe The Way Things Move In Different Directions And Speeds.
Worms (Seedlings) ~by Laura K. Murray (Author) ~Science~A kindergarten-level introduction to worms, covering their growth process, behaviors, the ground they call home, and such defining features as their bands.
What Is It Made Of? (My Science Library: Level E) ~by Amy S Hansen (Author) ~Science~Introduces such common materials as cloth, metal, plastic, wood, and paper, and points out some of their most important characteristics.
Basic Needs (Happy Reading, Happy Learning: Science) ~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Science~Holly Karapetkova (Contributor) Sing Along With Dr. Jean And Dr. Holly To Learn About Animals And The Things They Need To Survive.
Ants (Seedlings) ~by Laura K. Murray (Author) ~Science~A kindergarten-level introduction to ants, covering their growth process, behaviors, the nests they call home, and such defining features as their antennae.
Creative Kids Zone, Grade K ~by Brighter Child (Compiler) ~Science~Creative Kids Zone is the optimal workbook for every 21st century learner. It combines solid, standards-based math, language arts, and science content with fun stories, crafts, and games. Children can flip between the five color-coded zones--Craft, Math, Story, Science, and Game--to discover a wealth of creative activities that present important content while keeping boredom at bay! Each zone features different activity formats to reinforce essential skills: Craft Zone develops fine motor skills and enhances the creativity and collaboration a 21st century learner must possess Math Zone features grade-specific math activities that equip children with the math skills needed for school readiness Story Zone includes three, six-page removable storybooks children can cut out, read, and share while developing early reading and writing skills
Fragrant as a Flower: I Wonder Why ~by Lawrence F. Lowery (Author) ~Science~This book inviteskids to discover what their sense of smell can teach them about the world. Young readers can roam along as a father tells his son about taking in the deliciousness of a pastry shop, the woodsy smells of a lumberyard, the nose-wrinkling stink of trash, the sweet scents of a fruit market or the freshness of spring on its way.
Chemistry for Children: Elements of The Periodic Table ~by Nadine Muhammad (Author),~Science~John Muhammad (Author) This book introduces pre-k to second grade children to chemistry. The book gives real life examples of where to find the elements of the periodic table. As a bonus there is a copy of the periodic table included to introduce children to the elements.
Habitat Homes (Happy Reading, Happy Learning: Science) ~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Science~Holly Karapetkova (Contributor) Sing Along With Dr. Jean And Dr. Holly To Learn About Animals And Their Habitats.
Super Gabba Friends! (Yo Gabba Gabba!) ~by Tina Gallo (Adapter),~Science~Parker Jacobs (Illustrator) Everyone in Gabba Land wants to be a superhero! Superheroes have superpowers and super names! The Gabba gang plays a game where each friend chooses an imaginary superpower. Plex wants to fly really high, Toodee wants to be super strong, Foofa wants to make plants dance, Brobee wants arms that stretch across Gabba Land, and Muno wants to run really fast! What s better than one superhero? Five superheroes! The gang decides to join forces and become a team of superheroes: The Super Gabba Friends!
Planet Kindergarten ~by Sue Ganz-Schmitt (Author),~Science~Shane Prigmore (Illustrator) This clever picture book will prepare young explorers to boldly go where they have never gone before: Planet Kindergarten. Suit up for a daring adventure as our hero navigates the unknown reaches and alien inhabitants of this strange new world. Hilarious and confidence-boosting, this exciting story will have new kindergarteners ready for liftoff!
Let's Get Fit!, Grades PK - K ~by HighReach Learning (Compiler) ~Science~Develop large muscle skills through the over 250 activities and games using balls, jump ropes, parachutes, and more. Get children moving and learning.
Super Science, Grades PK - K ~by Beverly Warkulwiz (Author) ~Science~Explore basic science skills such as predicting, observing, experimenting, measuring, and more. Over 250 hands-on activities will help children discover the exciting world of science. Supports NSE standards.
Who Made the Owls? God Made the Owls! ~by Natalie Totire (Author) ~Science~Children will enjoy learning to identify owls and their sounds in this delightfully illustrated rhyming book that gives God the glory as the Creator of all. An early reader book for ages 3-7.
Turn It Off! (Happy Reading, Happy Learning: Science) ~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Science~Holly Karapetkova (Contributor) Sing Along With Dr. Jean And Dr. Holly To Learn What You Can Turn Off To Conserve Our Resources.
The Tiny Seed (The World of Eric Carle) ~by Eric Carle (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Join the tiny seed on an adventure as it becomes a giant flower!
Super Ace and the Thirsty Planet (Super Ace Series) ~by Matt Vander Pol (Author) ~Science~A Lesson in Cooperation. Planet Woop is out of water. Everyone is thirsty and smelly. When superpowers don t work, Ned has an idea. But he can t do it alone. Will Super Ace help? This is a Level Two I Can Read! book, which means it s perfect for children learning to sound out words and sentences. It aligns with guided reading level I and will be of interest to children Pre-K to 3rd grade.
Eat Green (Happy Reading, Happy Learning: Science) ~by Jean Feldman (Author),~Science~Holly Karapetkova (Contributor) Sing Along With Dr. Jean And Dr. Holly About Fruits And Veggies To The Tune Of Jenny Jenkins.
Sensational Seasons: Reproducible Fall ~by STECK-VAUGHN (Author) ~Science~Features nine thematic units including apples, pumpkins, leaves, and Thanksgiving. Each theme includes dozens of unique bulletin board ideas, poetry and song activities, patterns, activity masters, snack ideas, and circle and center ideas.
Microbiology ABC's ~by Michael Bacotti (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~From amoebas to zooplankton, teach the ABC's to your little genius within the microbiology universe. Learn about different types of cells and cell structures while practicing the alphabet.
Sensational Seasons: Reproducible Summer ~by STECK-VAUGHN (Author) ~Science~Features nine thematic units including ants, camping, circus, and July 4th. Each theme includes dozens of unique bulletin board ideas, poetry and song activities, patterns, activity masters, snack ideas, and circle and center ideas.
Steam Punkie's ABC adventure ~by Charlie Anne Turner (Author, Illustrator) ~Science~Steam Punkie s Alphabet. Fed up of A is for apple? Then this alternative alphabet book might be a refreshing change. Steam Punkie goes on an alphabetical adventure encountering an alien attack on the way. Luckily, he has invented a number of steampunk gadgets which help him get out of all sorts of situations.
Why Trees Grow ~by Albert Sutton (Illustrator) ~Science~Learn how and why trees grow and about the importance of trees to the world around us. Give your children an early understanding of conservation and ecological issues in an easy to understand story that is both fun, informative and imaginative as we follow Peter Pumpkin and his dog Biscuit through the world of nature.
Bubbles, Rainbows and Worms: Science Experiments for Preschool Children ~by Sam Ed Brown (Author) ~Science~"Why did that happen?", "How does that work?", "What will happen if..?". Young children ask questions about the world around them all day long. They are filled with curiosity and the desire to learn. Bubbles, Rainbows, and Worms teaches children about the world using hands-on experiments with plants, the environment, air and water, and the senses.
Kate Learns About The Body ~by Kerrice Accarias (Author) ~Science~The Fictional Character 'Proffessor Kerrice' teaches Kate about the Human Body. This exciting and colourful book uses amazing rhymes to educate young children. Kate is taught about the Human Body in a subtle and professional manner. This beautifully illustrated book is suitable for all young children. So, Rhyme along with 'Proffessor Kerrice' and make learning about the Human Body Fun and Easy. The Fictional Character 'Proffessor Kerrice teaches Kate about the Human Body. Suitable for all young children, this educational book uses colourful pictures and exciting rhymes to explain the Human Body in a professional manner.
Alpha Buddies Land ~by Donna M. Rink (Author) ~Science~"Alpha Buddies Land" brings the alphabet to life through the fun cartoon characters Alpha Buddies. Children will fall in love with the characters as they learn new words. It is the first picture book in a series, where all of the Alpha Buddies characters go on a magical adventure in a fairy tale setting at the end of a rainbow.
Hello, Mommy ZooBorns! ~by Andrew Bleiman (Author),~Science~Chris Eastland (Author) What could be cuter than baby animals? Baby animals snuggling with their mamas! This adorable Level 1 Ready-to-Read story stars the lovable ZooBorns babies and their mothers, accompanied by text that s just right for beginning readers. This heartwarming tribute to motherhood is perfect for Mother s Day or any day of the year!
Sunny Sun Sunshine: Exploring The Sun and Rain (My First Impressions Book 1) ~by Stephanie K. Beasley (Author),~Science~Sally Randall (Illustrator) The world is an amazing place! Introduce your child to the wonders of the world around them. The My First Impressions Series helps to explore the world...one book at a time. Each book in the series introduces your child to a new "wonder." From star gazing to beach combing to caring for our earth, each story will delight and surprise. In Sunny Sun Sunshine, preschoolers learn an introduction to weather. Children learn about the sun and rain, while having fun in any weather condition. Other lessons / values taught are: sharing, making the best of every situation and always believing and hoping for a positive outcome.
The Nature Book ~by Michael Bacotti (Author, Photographer),~Science~Michaella Bacotti (Introduction) Explore the unique geography of the United States in this beautifully photographed book. From the Aurora Borealis in Alaskan skies to South Dakota's badlands, our country is a land of extremes. Experience forests and ponds in the northeastern part of the United States as they change with the seasons and learn more about the diverse landscapes of the United States.
Child in the Wild: The lost Wolf Pup ~by Manuela Zeitlhofer (Author) ~Science~Suma is an adventurous child who lives in the Canadian wild. In this "Child in the Wild" story, Suma helps a wolf-mother to look for her missing pup.
THE MAGIC SEA - Fun Sea Facts for Kids ~by A. K. Cveto (Author) ~Science~Book includes 28 pages of attractive pictures, drawings and fun facts about Sea life. It is designed for children from 2 years on and is very readable also for adults. You may use book as interesting pre-school educational element and encourage children to create their own stories, drawings, songs ect. about sea life. Or just take a few minutes of your precious time to spend it with your precious child or younger brother/sister and dive together into the deep sea and above the ocean surface. Photos can take you to your memories, forgotten feelings and maybe even to your plans for a new vacation.
The Magical Sweeper of Raggadish: An ecological tale for children about recycling, loyalty and altruism~by Arandana Mayor (Author) ~Science~The good people of Raggadish live happily thanks to sweeper Seraphim s kind and silent work. He takes care to make their rubbish disappear every day. One day their town gets a new mayor who decides they don t need a sweeper anymore.
Greek Myths for Young Children~Heather Amery~Bed Time Stories~This collection of the best-known of the Greek myths has been carefully written to appeal to young children who will find these stories of gods, mortals and monsters irresistible. Beautiful illustrations by Linda Edwards bring the myths to life for children of all ages.
Child's Introduction to Greek Mythology: The Stories of the Gods, Goddesses, Heroes, Monsters, and Other Mythical Creatures~Heather Alexander~Bed Time Stories~The newest book in Black Dog's best-selling, award-winning series explores the fascinating world of Greek mythology from the myth of Narcissus to Odysseus versus the Cyclopes. Includes a Gods and Goddesses Family Tree Poster and Stickers!
Giraffes Can't Dance~Giles Andreae~Bed Time Stories~Giraffes Can't Dance is a touching tale of Gerald the giraffe, who wants nothing more than to dance. With crooked knees and thin legs, it's harder for a giraffe than you would think. Gerald is finally able to dance to his own tune when he gets some encouraging words from an unlikely friend. With light-footed rhymes and high-stepping illustrations, this tale is gentle inspiration for every child with dreams of greatness.
The Pout-Pout Fish~Deborah Diesen~Bed Time Stories~Deep in the water, Mr. Fish swims about With his fish face stuck In a permanent pout. Can his pals cheer him up? Will his pout ever end? Is there something he can learn From an unexpected friend? Swim along with the pout-pout fish as he discovers that being glum and spreading "dreary wearies" isn't really his destiny. Bright ocean colors and playful rhyme come together in Deborah Diesen's fun fish story that's sure to turn even the poutiest of frowns upside down.
Dear Zoo: A Lift-the-Flap Book~Rod Campbell~Bed Time Stories~Dear Zoo is thrity years old -- and still as popular as ever! And with an updated look, this classic children's storybook about a youngster loooking for a perfect pet is sure to delight a new generation of readers!
If Animals Kissed Good Night~Ann Whitford Paul~Bed Time Stories~If animals kissed like we kiss good night, Giraffe and his calf would stretch their necks high and kiss just beneath the top of the sky. In a cozy bedtime chat with her mom, a young girl wonders how animal families might say good night. Would Wolf and his pup "kiss and then HOWL"? Would Bear and her cub "kiss and then GROWL"? But what about Sloth and her baby? They move soooo slooowwwww . . . they're sure to be kissing from early evening until long after everyone else is fast asleep!
The Going-To-Bed Book~Sandra Boynton~Bed Time Stories~Getting ready for sleep is tons of fun in this special anniversary edition of a Sandra Boynton classic. The sun has set not long ago. Now everybody goes below to take a bath in one big tub with soap all overSCRUB SCRUB SCRUB! This classic bedtime story is just right for winding down the day as a joyful, silly group of animals scrub scrub scrub in the tub, brush and brush and brush their teeth, and finally rock and rock and rock to sleep. This anniversary edition has an enlarged trim size and metallic ink on the cover, making this Boynton classic even more special.
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?~Bill Marin Jr.~Bed Time Stories~A big happy frog, a plump purple cat, a handsome blue horse, and a soft yellow duck--all parade across the pages of this delightful book. Children will immediately respond to Eric Carle's flat, boldly colored collages. Combined with Bill Martin's singsong text, they create unforgettable images of these endearing animals.
Where Is Baby's Belly Button? A Lift-the-Flap Book~Karen Katz~Bed Time Stories~Karen Katz's adorable babies play peekaboo in this delightful interactive book. The sturdy format and easy-to-lift flaps are perfect for parents and children to share. "Where are Baby's hands? Under the bubbles!" "Where are baby's eyes? Under her hat!"
The Wonderful Things You Will Be~Emily Winfield Marin~Bed Time Stories~The New York Times bestseller that celebrates the dreams, acceptance, and love that parents have for their children . . . now and forever! A perfect gift for recent grads! From brave and bold to creative and clever, Emily Winfield Martin's rhythmic rhyme expresses all the loving things that parents think of when they look at their children. With beautiful, and sometimes humorous, illustrations, and a clever gatefold with kids in costumes, this is a book grown-ups will love reading over and over to kidsboth young and old. A great gift for any occasion, but a special stand-out for baby showers, birthdays, and graduation. The Wonderful Things You Will Be has a loving and truthful message that will endure for lifetimes.
Little Blue Truck board book~Alice Schertle~Bed Time Stories~Beep! Beep! Beep! Meet Blue. A muddy country road is no match for this little pick up--that is, until he gets stuck while pushing a dump truck out of the muck. Luckily, Blue has made a pack of farm animal friends along his route. And they're willing to do whatever it takes to get their pal back on the road. With a text full of truck sounds and animal noises to read aloud, here is a rollicking homage to the power of friendship and the rewards of helping others. Includes a downloadable party kit for even more fun!
Guess How Much I Love You~Sam McBratney~Bed Time Stories~"Guess how much I love you," says Little Nutbrown Hare. Little Nutbrown Hare shows his daddy how much he loves him: as wide as he can reach and as far as he can hop. But Big Nutbrown Hare, who can reach farther and hop higher, loves him back just as much. Well then Little Nutbrown Hare loves him right up to the moon, but that's just halfway to Big Nutbrown Hare's love for him.
Peek-A Who?~Nina Laden~Bed Time Stories~Colorful pictures and simple rhyming texts help children guess what's peeking through the die-cut windows in these two fun board books. The anticipation of what's hiding on the next page and the bright, engaging illustrations will keep youngsters guessing and giggling all the way to the suprise endings.
Goodnight Moon~Margaret Wise Brown~Bed Time Stories~In a great green room, tucked away in bed, is a little bunny. "Goodnight room, goodnight moon." And to all the familiar things in the softly lit roomto the picture of the three little bears sitting on chairs, to the clocks and his socks, to the mittens and the kittens, to everything one by onethe little bunny says goodnight. In this classic of children's literature, beloved by generations of readers and listeners, the quiet poetry of the words and the gentle, lulling illustrations combine to make a perfect book for the end of the day. This board book edition is the perfect size for little hands.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar~Eric Carle~Bed Time Stories~THE all-time classic picture book, from generation to generation, sold somewhere in the world every 30 seconds! Have you shared it with a child or grandchild in your life? Including a special feature, dye cuts, this beautiful board book edition, perfect for teaching the days of the week, offers readers an interactive experience. "The very hungry caterpillar literally eats his way through the pages of the bookand right into your child's heart..."
Are You My Mother? (Bright & Early Board Books(TM))~P.D. Eastman~Bed Time Stories~A baby bird goes in search of his mother in this hilarious board book edited by Dr. Seuss. When a mother birds egg starts to jump, she hurries off to make sure she has something for her little one to eat. But as soon as shes gone, out pops the baby bird. He immediately sets off to find his mother, but not knowing what she looks like makes it a challenge. The little hatchling is determined to find his mother, even after meeting a kitten, a hen, a dog, and a Snort. The timeless message of the bond between mother and child make this abridged, super-simple edition of P. D. Eastmans Are You My Mother? a must for baby showers, beginning readers, and Mothers Day.
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (Board Book)~Bill Martin Jr.~Bed Time Stories~The complete edition of the bestselling childrens favorite, Chicka Chicka Boom Boom, is now available as a Classic Board Book! A told B and B told C, Ill meet you at the top of the coconut tree. When all the letters of the alphabet race one another up the coconut tree, will there be enough room? Of course there is always enough room for this rollicking alphabet chant that has been a childrens favorite for more than twenty years! Bill Martin Jr and John Archambaults rhythmic text keeps the beat with Caldecott Honor illustrator Lois Ehlerts bold, cheerful art. This winning combination has created a series of enduring Chicka Chicka favorites, and now, for the first time ever, the complete edition of the original Chicka Chicka Boom Boom story is available as a Classic Board Book. With sturdy pages and rounded corners, this portable edition of an irresistible alphabet romp will delight a new generation of young readers.
The Snail and the Whale~Julia Donaldson~Bed Time Stories~When a tiny snail meets a humpback whale, the two travel together to far-off lands. It's a dream come true for the snail, who has never left home before. But when the whale swims too close to shore, will the snail be able to save her new friend?
Baby Touch and Feel: Animals~DK~Bed Time Stories~A small touch and feel book full of cuddly bunnies and other soft animals, this is a gift your little one is sure to adore. This USA Today bestselling board book encourages tiny fingers to explore and develop fine motor skills while building an early language foundation. Babies will meet adorable puppies, kittens, penguins, and other animals throughout the pages of the book. Filled with real-life animal photographs featuring touch-and-feel textures that help children develop their knowledge while increasing their use of senses, Baby Touch and Feel: Animals is the perfect size for small hands. Its padded cover can withstand biting and throwing while its thick sturdy board pages won't tear. Your baby can practice animal recognition and perfect animal noises while touching the novelty textures on the pages. With more than one million copies sold, Baby Touch and Feel: Animals is the perfect book for your child's bookshelf.
On the Night You Were Born~Nancy Tillman~Bed Time Stories~On the night you were born, you brought wonder and magic to the world. The moon stayed up till morning. Polar bears danced. Here is a book that celebrates the one and only ever you! Now available in its entirety in board book format, Nancy Tillman's masterpiece is perfect for acknowledging the special people in our lives that they are loved.
First 100 Words~Roger Priddy~Bed Time Stories~Your little one will soon learn some essential first words and pictures with this bright board book. There are 100 color photographs to look at and talk about, and 100 simple first words to read and learn, too. The pages are made from tough board for hours of fun reading, and the cover is softly padded for little hands to hold.
Love You Forever~Robert Munsch~Bed Time Stories~A young woman holds her newborn son And looks at him lovingly. Softly she sings to him: "I'll love you forever I'll like you for always As long as I'm living My baby you'll be." So begins the story that has touched the hearts of millions worldwide. Since publication in l986, Love You Forever has sold more than 15 million copies in paperback and the regular hardcover edition (as well as hundreds of thousands of copies in Spanish and French)
Moo Baa La La La~Sandra Boynton~Bed Time Stories~This raucous story about the sounds animals makeincluding three pigs who say "la la la!"is just right for reading aloud. Serious silliness for all ages. Artist Sandra Boynton is back and better than ever with completely redrawn versions of her multi-million selling board books. These whimsical and hilarious books, featuring nontraditional texts and her famous animal characters, have been printed on thick board pages, and are sure to educate and entertain children of all ages.
Dragons Love Tacos~Adam Rubin~Bed Time Stories~Dragons love tacos. They love chicken tacos, beef tacos, great big tacos, and teeny tiny tacos. So if you want to lure a bunch of dragons to your party, you should definitely serve tacos. Buckets and buckets of tacos. Unfortunately, where there are tacos, there is also salsa. And if a dragon accidentally eats spicy salsa . . . oh, boy. You're in red-hot trouble. The award-winning team of Adam Rubin and Daniel Salmieri has created an unforgettable tale of new friends and the perfect snack.
The Hiccupotamus~Aaron Zenz~Bed Time Stories~There was a hippopotamus who hiccupped quite-a-lotamus. And every time he gotemus... he'd fall upon his bottomus! Calamity ensues when an elephant, a centipede, and a rhinoceros try finding a cure for Hippos colossal case of hiccups. Author-illustrator Aaron Zenzs creativity shines through in his colored-pencil artwork in this off-the-wall read-aloud. HIC! HIC! HIC!
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day~Judith Viorst, Ray Cruz~Bed Time Stories~The perennially popular tale of Alexanders worst day is a storybook that belongs on every childs bookshelf. Alexander knew it was going to be a terrible day when he woke up with gum in this hair. And it got worse... His best friend deserted him. There was no dessert in his lunch bag. And, on top of all that, there were lima beans for dinner and kissing on TV! This handsome new edition of Judith Viorst's classic picture book is sure to charm readers of all ages.
I Don't Want to Go to School~A.J. Cosmo~Bed Time Stories~Joey doesnt want to go to school and he has a whole list of far-fetched reasons to stay home. Can his mom convince him that he might enjoy school after all? Perfect for anxious new first graders or returning second graders, this teacher-designed, principal-approved book is sure to get your child excited for their first day!
Little Green Frog: Lift-a-Flap Board Book~Ginger Swift, Olga Demidova~Bed Time Stories~Follow this little green frog and meet all the animals that live around the pond. This sturdy lift-a-flap board book has especially thick flaps for baby to grasp and lift. Simple sentences reinforce future language structure. Illustrations include lots of details to hold babys attention.
Little Yellow Bee: Lift-a-Flap Children's Board Book~Ginger Swift, Katya Longhi~Bed Time Stories~Explore a colorful garden with Little Yellow Bee. This sturdy l ift-a-flap board book has especially thick flaps for baby to grasp and lift. Simple sentences reinforce future language structure. Illustrations include lots of details to hold babys attention.
Complete Book of Grade K~Thinking Kids~Bed Time Stories~Reinforce your childs kindergarten skills with the Complete Book of Grade K. With the colorful lessons in this workbook, your young learner will strengthen skills that include colors and shapes, uppercase and lowercase letters, phonics, and counting. The Complete Book series provides a dynamic way for students in prekindergarten to grade 4 to master essential skills. Each vivid workbook guides students through a variety of engaging activities in phonics, reading comprehension, math, and writing. Challenging concepts are presented in simple language with easy-to-understand examples, while stickers and full-color illustrations capture students interest. The Complete Book series is a thorough, comprehensive guide to grade-level success.
Scholastic Pre-K Reading & Math Jumbo Workbook~Hindie Weissman~Bed Time Stories~300 skill-building pages that give young learners practice with the alphabet, sight words, handwriting, counting, numbers, shapes and everything they'll need to succeed as students. For use with Grade PreK.
DK Workbooks: Science, Pre-K~DK Publishing~Bed Time Stories~Perfect for preschoolers, this science workbook contains exercises that focus on the most basic principles of science, including the five senses, weather, seasons, baby animals, and more. DK Workbooks: Science is an innovative series of graded workbooks aligned to school curriculum that helps make learning easy and fun. Each title is packed with exercises and activities to strengthen knowledge from the science lessons taught in school. Developed in consultation with curriculum experts, these science workbooks reinforce learning and understanding of key concepts such as force and motion, materials, and ecosystems. A parents' section contains answers, tips, and guidance to provide support, and a certificate of achievement will reinforce confidence in kids by rewarding their accomplishments.
Big Preschool Workbook~School Zone Staff~Bed Time Stories~BIG Preschool Workbook is packed with 300+ colorful exercises that make learning fun! These proven activities will help prepare your child for success by teaching colors, shapes, alphabet, basic phonics, numbers, early math and more! 320-pages Grade: Preschool Ages: 3 - 5
Preschool Scholar Ages 3-5~Joan Hoffman, Shannon M. Mullally~Bed Time Stories~Zoo themed 64-page workbook. Follow the lovable Lulu on a trip through the Grand Zoo. Meet all the friendly animals and engage your child's attention for hours. Enjoy the lively selection of reading readiness, early math, and beginning science activities in our zoo-tastic Preschool Scholar. Full-color. Skill areas include: Reading Readiness, Early Math, Beginning Science. Ages 3-5.
Alphabet Fun Write and Reuse Workbook Ages 4-6~School Zone Staff~Bed Time Stories~This colorful workbook provides a fun-filled introduction to the alphabet and beginning phonics. The interesting lessons focus on printing letters, identifying beginning and ending sounds, reviewing alphabetical order, and more! For best results, we recommend dry erase markers that are made for use by children. (Ages: 4-6)
DK Workbooks: Spelling, Pre-K~DK~Bed Time Stories~DK Workbooks: Spelling: Pre-K is a great tool to supplement school curriculum help your pre-K student learn spelling concepts. DK Workbooks: Spelling are user-friendly workbooks are the easy, at-home way to support schoolwork with targeted practice. Available in four curriculum-supporting levels, DK Workbooks: Spelling reinforces concepts such as vowel sounds, consonant blends, syllables, plurals, and verb endings in exercises that support the Common Core State Standards and cover everything students need to know about spelling. On each clearly organized worksheet, summary fact boxes offer an at-a-glance introduction, identifying the key concepts being practiced. Concepts carry over from page to page, strengthening skills through repetition while offering fresh challenges with every exercise. And with a parents' section filled with answers, tips, and guidance, caregivers have easy access to all the expertise they need to help their children learn spelling.
DK Workbooks: Geography, Pre-K~DK~Bed Time Stories~Perfect for preschoolers, this workbook contains exercises that focus on the most basic concepts of geography, including humans and the natural world, Earth and the solar system, globes, types of maps, directions, landforms, and bodies of water. Level by level, the write-in DK Workbooks: Geography series offers at-home practice that kids actually enjoy, making them ideal supplements to schoolwork. Designed to support curriculum standards, this series is developed with leading educational experts to build confidence and understanding. For children ages 39, each leveled workbook is packed with activities and challenges, offering the beneficial repetition and cumulative learning that lead to mastery. Fact boxes on each page give a simple overview of the topics being covered, review the basics, and often offer an example of the task at hand. The exercises themselves reinforce key geography topics, including: map reading, compass directions, continents, countries and states, borders, bodies of water, and more.
DK Workbooks: Language Arts, Pre-K~DK Publishing~Bed Time Stories~Focusing on very basic principles such as the letters A to Z, rhyming, and simple verbs, DK Workbooks: Language Arts: Pre-K will help preschoolers learn and understand first language arts concepts. Developed in consultation with leading educational experts to support curriculum learning, DK Workbooks: Language Arts is an innovative series of home-learning language arts workbooks that is closely linked to school curriculum, and helps make learning easy and fun! Each title is packed with exercises and activities to strengthen what children learn in school. With clear questions and supportive illustrations to help children to understand each topic, the books reinforce key concepts such as phonics, spelling, grammar, and punctuation. A parents' section contains answers, tips, and guidance to provide support, and a certificate of achievement will reinforce confidence in kids by rewarding their accomplishments.
Trace Letters, Ages 3 - 5 (Big Skills for Little Hands)~Brighter Child, Carson-Dellosa Publishing~Bed Time Stories~In Trace Letters, your child will practice holding a pencil or crayon correctly while tracing each letter of the alphabet. Your child will develop the fine motor control needed for Kindergarten while also learning to recognize each letter and it's sound!
DK Workbooks: Math, Pre-K~DK Publishing~Bed Time Stories~Perfect for preschoolers, this workbook contains exercises that focus on the most basic concepts of math including counting to ten, shapes, money, and reading and writing numbers. Developed in consultation with leading educational experts to support curriculum learning, DK Workbooks: Math is an innovative series of home-learning math workbooks that is closely linked to school curriculum and helps make learning easy and fun. Each title is packed with exercises and activities to strengthen what children learn in school. With clear questions and supportive illustrations to help children understand each topic, the books provide practice to reinforce learning and understanding of key concepts, such as fractions, times tables, and shapes. A parents' section contains answers, tips, and guidance to provide support, and a certificate of achievement will reinforce confidence in kids by rewarding their accomplishments.
Preschool Basics (Deluxe Workbook)~Joan Hoffman~Bed Time Stories~Preschool Basics focuses on important readiness skills, such as comparing sizes, classifying items, recognizing beginning sounds, and more. The exercises in this 64-page, full color workbook cover the essential basics needed for future success in school. Ages 3 - 5. Grade Preschool.
BIG Kindergarten Workbook - Ages 5 - 6~Barbara Gregorich~Bed Time Stories~The BIG Kindergarten Workbook is packed with over 300 pages of exercises that make learning fun! The proven activities will support your child's success in school by teaching the alphabet, numbers, early math concepts, reading readiness skills, and more.
Wipe Clean Workbook: Pre-K~Scholastic~Bed Time Stories~Provides plenty of practice for children on a wide range of early learning topics. A wipe-clean pen is provided, the wirobound book lies flat, and the glossy card pages are easy to wipe clean so that children can practice until they have really mastered a topic. This Pre-K book focuses on writing letters and the sounds they make, writing numbers, sequencing, colors, shapes, and opposites.
Phonics for Kindergarten, Grade K~Carson-Dellosa Publishing~Bed Time Stories~Build essential skills while having fun with Home Workbooks! Now updated with fun, colorful pages and engaging art, each book measures 7" x 9.25" and is filled with 64 pages of age-appropriate activities, puzzles, and games. These teacher-approved books are perfect for home, school, summer breaks, and road trips! Skills covered include beginning consonant sounds, short vowel sounds, sight word recognition, and more! An incentive chart and 140 full-color stickers are also included to help parents or teachers track student progress. Home Workbooks are available for prekindergarten through grade 3 students, and feature titles in a wide variety of skill areas to suit any need.
Trace Numbers, Ages 3 - 5~Brighter Child~Bed Time Stories~In Trace Numbers, your child will practice holding a pencil or crayon correctly and tracing over each number 0 to 25. Your child will develop the fine motor control needed for kindergarten while also learning numbers!
Sticker Workbook-Math Readiness Grades P-K~Jennifer Neumann, John Kurtz~Bed Time Stories~Math Stickers Workbook introduces your child to important early math concepts through playful sticker activities. The lessons focus on learning numbers 1 - 12, numerical order, counting, money, telling time, basic addition and subtraction and more. 64 lesson pages - plus 426 stickers Grades P-K
Tracing Trails Pre-Writing Skills~Joan Hoffman, Jennifer Neumann~Bed Time Stories~School Zone Little Hand Helper Workbooks provide a fun-filled introduction to important readiness skills. Each workbook is carefully designed and reviewed by teachers to promote your child's early learning success. Tracing Trails contains a variety of exercises that will help your child develop the eye-hand coordination skills that are necessary to learn to write clearly. The interesting activities with clear directions will provide hours of educational fun for your child. Plus, the colorful award stickers will enhance your child's learning adventure. (Ages: 3-5 | 32 Pages and 68 Stickers | Dimensions: 11x8.5in)
I Can Handle It~Laurie Wright~Bed Time Stories~Kids learn well through repetition, and simple easy to 'get' language. Your children will incorporate the mindful mantra I Can Handle It almost immediately after reading this book!
Preschool Practice Scissor Skills (Ages 3-5)~Joan Hoffman, Jennifer Neumann~Bed Time Stories~School Zone Little Hand Helper Workbooks provide a fun-filled introduction to important readiness skills. Each workbook is carefully designed and reviewed by teachers to promote your child's early learning success. Cut & Paste offers a variety of exercises that will help your child practice scissor skills and other readiness basics such as story order, counting, matching, and beginning sounds. The interesting activities with clear directions will provide hours of educational fun for your child. Plus, the colorful award stickers will enhance your child's learning adventure. (Ages: 3-5 | 32 Pages and 68 Stickers | Dimensions: 11x8.5in)
Activities Linking Science With Math, K-4~John Eichinger~Bed Time Stories~Science does not exist in a vacuum and, therefore, shouldn't be taught that way. In that spirit, Activities Linking Science with Mathematics, K-4 is a hands-on guide for preservice and inservice elementary school teachers who want to connect science instruction with other areas of study including visual arts, social sciences, language arts, and especially math. The 20 discovery-based and academically rigorous activities provided in this volume enrich students awareness of the world around them, encourage their natural curiosity, and promote the development of their problem-solving skills. The lessons such as Digging Into Soil, Exploring the Mysteries of Fingerprints, and What Makes a Boat Float? are teacher friendly, too, requiring no advanced expertise in any subject area and using only inexpensive and easily accessible materials. Each includes a list of needed materials, a step-by-step procedure, discussion questions, and assessment techniques. Activities align with the latest national standards for both science and math and cover topics from all scientific disciplines.
Brain Quest Workbook: Pre-K~Liane Onish~Bed Time Stories~Jam-packed with hundreds of curriculum-based activities, exercises and games in every subject, Brain Quest Workbook: Pre-K reinforces what kids are learning in the classroom. The workbook's lively layout and easy-to-follow explanations make learning fun, interactive, and concrete. Plus it's written to help parents follow and explain key concepts. Includes ABCs, 123s, tracing letters, mazes, shapes, colors, beginning sounds, sorting and matching, "what's wrong with this picture" games, and much, much more.
Does It Belong?~Barbara Gregorich, Joan Hoffman, Richard Pape~Bed Time Stories~Recognizing likenesses and differences will prepare your child for reading and solving math problems. Help your child develop this valuable skill in Does It Belong?, one of School Zone's colorfully illustrated preschool workbooks.
Same or Different~Barbara Gregorich, Joan Hoffman, Richard Pape~Bed Time Stories~To compare and contrast the items in these exercises, your child must look for significant details--a critical reading readiness skill. Funny, full-color illustrations, predictable formats, and easy-to-follow directions ensure engagement and success.
Beginning Sounds~Barbara Gregorich, Joan Hoffman, Richard Pape~Bed Time Stories~This workbook helps children recognize the sounds of letters that begin words, an essential early reading skill. Amusing, full-color illustrations and a variety of easy-to-follow exercises make learning simple and fun.
